This week, Microsoft hints at the homogenization of Xbox and PC gaming. Beyond one operating system to rule them all, it's suggested players may eventually be able to upgrade Xbox hardware over time. This is just one of the stories we're covering tonight, and it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 633 for this March the 6th of 2016.
My name is Rob Roberts on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, joined by my co-host here in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California. Over there is DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
How you doing, Jamie?
I'm alright.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And Jamie stopped to get a little food before the show tonight, and you never-
A little?
Yeah, I know. I was gonna say, you should've-
Do you want what's left?
No, maybe I'll have a bite, because that place is pretty good. She went to a little Chinese place. It's one of those, like, strip malls. It's a strip mall Chinese place.
Like Hong Kong Palace or something?
Yeah, like every- well, don't tell all the listeners where I live.
I don't know what that's called. I just made something up.
That's okay.
It's, like, got- it's either-
And let's be real, that could be any strip mall Chinese restaurant.
There's also, like, always- you always find Golden Palace and, like, Pagoda Inn or all kinds of typically, you know-
There's a place in town. It's not, like, Panda Express. It's, like, Panda- what do they call it? Panda Diner or something. It's, like, it tries to make you think it's Panda Express, but it's really not. It's just kind of funny.
However, if you see Panda Inn, that is the real restaurant that led to Panda Express.
I remember-
Because I read their cups.
It's amazing what you can learn.
When you're really bored.
Yes, I read an In-N-Out cup once and learned about the Bible.
If you look to the bottom of the cup.
But, yeah, I hope you've been having a good week, Dark Soccer. Happy to have you here as always.
Thank you. I'm gonna be having a better week when my schedule changes.
Yeah, I know you've been having to cut-
Very soon.
You've been having to cut out of the show early some nights just depending on how long we run because of your work schedule, so that'll be nice to have that all for you.
It's, like, between 815 and 830 so that I can go to bed on time, but I took a minor staycation and to take care of-
I'll just go ahead and say it. I've been having a migraine that's lasted since the Thursday before this past week.
That's no fun.
And even low level when they don't hurt so badly. It's still a migraine.
Yeah.
So, it just comes and goes and waves, so I'm, like, doing blood tests and stupid stuff to figure out what's causing it.
But I took a minor vacation to see if it was stress.
Uh-huh.
Nope. It's still there.
Ah, bummer.
That's okay because I went to San Francisco yesterday and it was great.
Oh, awesome.
Yeah.
I have not taken a trip to San Francisco in far too long. I need to do a day trip.
I've found that you avoid tolls if you leave by way of the 101.
Oh, yeah, because you can, yeah, go in the freeway and go out the freeway.
Also, people in California don't know how to drive in the rain.
That is- Oh, my gosh. The rain was crazy yesterday.
No, it wasn't.
For California, though.
Yeah.
It was crazy.
It got a little gusty and I drive a Fiat.
But, I mean, the only thing that really scared me all about the driving was when my headaches started to come back, like, on the way back.
So, Becky took over. She went with me.
But we also did the play with- I don't remember what street we were on. I'll have to look it up.
But it's one of those super, super high hilly ones. And then it even gives you a warning.
Steep decline.
And because you cannot see the rest of the road as you're approaching. It's like being on a roller coaster.
Yeah, yeah.
And I was like, ah, we're in a Fiat.
Were you like that scene out of the movie Clueless when they drive on the freeway accidentally?
Alright.
I think I whined.
I gotta say hi to the chat room. I'm, of course, gonna get to Loki in just a minute here. But I have to address the chat room.
Because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network.
VogueNetwork.com. That's the Voice of Geeks Network.
VogueNetwork.com. And our chatters are giving me a little shit for overreacting to the whole name of the Chinese restaurant.
S2100Matt says, wow, Rob lives in every town in the US. Our awesome voice over dude VXJ6V says, hey guy, hey guys, Rob lives close to a subway in Sacramento, USA.
That is true. I do live near a subway. I also live near a McDonald's. Go figure.
I'm gonna say you probably live near like four subways because they're so close together. I personally live next to like probably three or four subways.
There he is, everybody. Tech master Loki has to comment when we get to food.
Because they're so close together.
I'm always blown away by how well subways do because there's so many of them.
It's not. They're the cheapest franchise.
Yeah, and I know I've asked this on the show before. I don't understand how subways make money 24 hours a day. Because some subways are open 24 hours a day.
I will point out that you don't live near a Starbucks. Not that near one.
I don't. That's kind of the crazy part. So, and then they're asking in chat, let's see, over at live.vongnover.com, SSG100Matt says, the real question is if he lives near any In-N-Out.
Not really. The Starbucks is probably closer.
Yeah, In-N-Out really kind of spread about.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if it's one of those things where it's like I want to have In-N-Out for dinner, like which once in a blue moon.
I'm like, I want an Albert because I will say this. It is for fast food hamburger. It is really stinking good.
Like it is. We're spoiled being here in California, but you know, anyway, let's see.
Going to chat. Alan Alchemy says we live near a park and a gas station. All right.
All right. Enough. Enough talk about addresses and restaurants.
It's a house.
That's right.
On a street.
In a town.
In the middle of your street, actually.
Rob's house in the middle of the street.
Anyhow, Techmaster Loki, there he is. And you bought a new toy today, Techmaster Loki.
Yeah, I bought a Gear VR.
So you've been talking about buying one for a while, but you literally just opened it here in studio.
You must have went to Best Buy before you came to the show.
I did, and I haven't been there in like apparently a while.
And I'm like, where the fuck is everything? Like they have all these different kiosks now.
So many kiosks for different like sections, like differently. They have an Apple thing.
They have Samsung. They have like Windows and all this stuff.
Yet no one to help you.
Where did you go? The one by the mall?
I went by the Citrus Heights one.
Oh, okay. Okay. Okay.
So, and I got the last one that they had because I guess they're doing preorders for the Galaxy S7,
which they're giving away free VR headsets for everybody that preorders those.
Which would be cool if I didn't have a phone, but I do. So I'm not going to preorder a new phone for that.
Yeah. So what do you plan to use it for? Just for fun?
Oh, no. I'm like, I'm kind of pissed off because I'm not on your Wi-Fi right now.
And so it's eating up my data, downloading shit I probably don't need.
I would write down the password for you if you just need the password to the Wi-Fi.
Yeah, I will. I just got a thing from, you know, ping my phone saying,
you've used two thirds of your data or three quarters of your data.
How are you not already on? Oh, you're not in chat. I can't even send you a private message.
Sorry. Yeah, I'm behind. I was busy trying to figure out how to put everything together.
You're still arguing like what burger places are best.
And I just decided that it doesn't matter if it's fast food or not.
I mean, honestly, there's not a lot of apps for it, I think.
So I just want to try out because my Oculus Rift dev kit 2 does not run very well on my laptop.
And I want something that kind of, I would assume that this device is meant for my phone.
So it should run how it's supposed to run.
And so I kind of want to see what it's like and maybe develop an app for it or something like that.
You know, that'd be kind of fun. But right now it's just kind of a toy.
All right. So I guess, so there's no like must have game or experience on Gear VR.
No, there isn't. And that's the thing.
As I was even looking at before I came here, before I bought him, like, you know, looking at,
so where are the best apps to use on this? And everyone's like, yeah, you can watch Netflix on it.
I'm like, cool, I guess.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says the Gear VR installation does download a lot of data.
So get on the Wi-Fi ASAP, Loki.
I will be there right now.
Set him up with that. Now, did the chat room come to a consensus on the best burger in the States?
No.
I'm personally, I prefer the Red Robin cheeseburger.
I know it's not fast food, but I love their cheeseburgers because they can give it to you.
The patty's good and you can ask for it. Like, you know, they ask you some pink or no pink.
I'm like as much pink as fucking possible. Thank you very much.
I voted for Flaming Grill.
I don't even know if I've been there.
You'll have to go because Flaming Grill is where I've eaten llama and camel and kangaroo.
But every time they run out of yak and I want to try yak.
You know what I miss? Like, well, it's there's still one in Davis if I want to go there, but it used to be Murder Burger.
And then they changed it to Red Rum Burger because you can't call a place murder even though that is what that's what they do to the cow.
No, no, you can't. You can't call that because of too many fucking politically correct people.
What I would have says, we don't like the name of your establishment. I would have said, fuck you. Get out of here.
You would have murdered them.
I just said, fuck off. I don't need you at my establishment. Thank you very much.
All right. Let's see. I don't like it still mooing. It needs to be ground up.
It can't move if it's ground up.
If it's mooing, that's too fresh.
You guys are disgusting.
All right. Clearly no vegetarians in the studio.
I would like to apologize to the cool guy that I ran into in Berkeley.
If you're listening live, I'm sorry.
Oh, Berkeley? Totally a vegetarian then.
I don't know.
You know, you never know.
We were at a place that sells all kinds of stuff.
I bought ginger, sea salt, dark chocolate.
Many, many years ago, this would actually be probably the year before O.L.R. started.
So that's how long ago it was, right?
I used to date a vegan and we would have to go to Berkeley all the time.
I wasn't vegan, but I also didn't cook.
So if he cooked, I mean, I was always eating really light.
That was when I was at the height of my DDR stuff, too.
I was never skinnier in my life than those few years.
It's because you were starving.
Yeah, a little bit.
Well, no, I wasn't vegan.
It's just if I would go to his house and he cooks dinner, then, yeah, I'm going to eat vegan that night.
And I would try anything that he cooked because you're not going to be like, surprise, it's a chicken brain.
Like you knew, OK, it's probably some type of tofu.
Like there's really only so much you can use, right?
There's actually all kinds of vegetarian meat options now.
Well, you remember when I was raw vegan?
Oh, that's no, too much, too much.
Two months of that.
Too extreme.
I, the one thing I'll say is that I don't have any digestion problems.
Is that where you can't cook the vegetables? Is that raw vegan?
Yeah, or you can't cook them past a certain amount, like you could blanch them.
But it was really well, I got really good at making avocado chocolate pudding.
It was actually really good. And I mean, I did really well for a while because I had all kinds of fun stuff that I would make and eat a lot of dehydrated things and nut milk.
And I made like frozen nut bars and everything with coconut oil and all this. It was really good.
But man, I wanted pizza.
In all seriousness, being a vegetarian is hard.
I tried it just for like health.
Being a vegetarian now is easy.
I still think it takes a lot of discipline. I really do.
But anyway, look, we're not here to talk about food. We're here to talk about video games.
But we do eat a lot of food when we play video games, let's be real.
But we want to get into gaming and we'll start off tonight with a kickoff topic.
And of course, some of the big, big news this week was the Nintendo Direct.
The Nintendo Direct happened this week, so I thought we'd take a minute to drill down some of the highlights from the Nintendo Direct here for our kickoff topic tonight.
See what you guys thought about that.
First off, Project Guard. Do you remember Project Guard, which was one of the Miyamoto projects that was shown?
Yes, I remember that.
And I think you even said, what the hell happened to those? Are those even going to be a thing?
Oh, I said, I just don't fucking care about it is what I said.
I said, I don't, it's, don't get me wrong. Miyamoto is fucking awesome.
If he wants to do these whole projects, I guess I should be supportive in that.
It's just not something that I was like, oh, I need to fucking buy it because Miyamoto made it. I just don't feel that way.
And I'm all for Miyamoto or whoever in Nintendo exploring new ideas because Splatoon, amazing new IP.
And I'm so happy that Nintendo went with that. Right.
So if they want to try new things, cool.
But, well, I guess it's not really going to be a new IP because Project Guard is now Star Fox Guard.
So they are going to inject the Star Fox universe into that. And now we're going to be getting that.
There's also Star Fox Zero.
Yeah, they really shoehorned that shit in there. I mean, it's just, it's so canon.
It's just like, we just need to tie this to some fucking franchise. Okay, done.
I don't think it's a big deal. I'm okay with it.
So, yeah. And of course, I mean, here, I'll tell you what, here's what here would have been a better implementation of that.
And it's I mean, it is a rip off in a sense. Fucking tied into Luigi's mansion.
You know, Luigi, he's a night guard, you know, at like a mansion.
And you have to watch out for the ghosts, you know, all of fucking Five Nights at Freddy's.
It would be a kidsy friendly, you know, Five Nights at Freddy's thing and people eat that shit up.
Why couldn't they do that?
I'll give you props, Loki. That's a cute idea. It really is.
More Splatoon updates. After all, even though apparently they said they were done updating Splatoon,
there are going to be some more Splatoon updates.
But I don't get your hopes too much up because I don't think they're talking about maps or anything more like that.
It's just more like quality of life improvements.
There's a patch coming March 8th that's going to have some lesser used abilities improved to make them more desirable.
There'll be matchmaking and team assignment changes for ranked battles and also new Splatfest elements.
And then in April, there's going to be tweaks for existing weapons and what they call weapon set recommendations.
So, I mean, they are making still some changes to Splatoon.
And I don't think they were ever intending on cutting off Splatoon completely,
but I think the major changes like maps were done with that.
But it's nice to hear about changes with Splatoon.
And then what I thought was really awesome is that Mario Maker getting some more big updates.
I kind of felt like there was going to still be more to come with Mario Maker,
but then when you see this, you're like, OK, wow, this is cool.
And they're not charging for it, which is, you know, again,
I think it's cool.
We can give Nintendo shit sometimes, but this is supporting your game done right.
So on March 9th, you're going to be able to do keys to unlock doors to gate progression in the game.
So kind of like what you had in Mario 2, which is interesting because Mario 2 is not supported.
But, yeah, we got that functionality.
The keys can be hidden or you can put them on enemies.
So now you have to fight the mandatory boss battles.
You can't just get past, you know, Bowser on top of Bowser and all the crazy shit people come up with.
So that's pretty cool.
Also, pink coins that you have to find before a level is complete.
So kind of a little twist on the red coin thing from, what, Yoshi's Island.
I think it was the first time that showed up.
So now with pink coins, you must find the coins before completing the level.
So this is going to make hell levels even worse because you know some of those coins are going to be in the stupidest places.
It's just like today where it's like you have a super hard level and you go into it and it's like,
oh, there's a hidden trap door somewhere.
Hopefully they don't go too crazy with that stuff.
But I love those ideas for level updates.
And if they're done well, I think it will be a very exciting thing.
Shimagami Tensei Crossfire Emblem now has a name for the U.S.
And it will be coming out here in the U.S.
But they're calling it Tokyo Mirage Sessions hashtag FE.
So, hey, at least we're...
The reaction I'm seeing for most people is, hey, at least we're getting it.
And that is true. So at least we are getting that.
Some new stuff that was announced.
A new Paper Mario game is going to be coming out.
That was part of an earlier rumor set, so it didn't really surprise people.
But it's still nice to have that confirmed.
Rhythm Heaven Megamix is going to be coming to the west, which has a lot of people excited as well.
And I had to send the paramedics to Act Def's house because there was Kirby news.
Big Kirby news.
There's a brand new Kirby game for the 3DS on June 10th.
Kirby Planet Robobot is coming out.
And, of course, what better way to celebrate a new Kirby game than with Kirby Amiibo.
That's right, new Kirby Amiibo on its way out.
So there's a new Kirby and a new Dedede.
But then there's also like Waddle Dee and some of the enemies are going to be there as well.
So that's, you know, especially if you're a big Kirby fan, that's very exciting.
So, yeah, and that's not it.
I mean, there's more. I'm not even...
I didn't even get into the Bravely Second stuff and Catmancer and all the excitement about that.
But there was even more stuff in the Nintendo Direct.
So any thoughts on Nintendo Direct?
Was there anything in there that you thought, hmm, I want to get that?
Paper Mario game looks good.
Yeah.
It was very RPG heavy, which was interesting.
Really RPG heavy.
That is not a complaint, people.
I was surprised.
Well, that's how I think the original Paper Mario is.
Where I've never really played...
The only Paper Mario game I played was Super Paper Mario and I actually really liked that one.
No, I mean the Direct in general.
Like the Direct in general was a ton of RPGs.
Yeah, if you think about like, you know, the Shin Megami Tensei, the Bravely Default.
There was some Dragon Quest news in there.
I mean, if you like RPGs, Nintendo is really trying to...
I really loved how they're trying to assure the fans.
Listen, this Metroid game is fucking canon.
Seriously, it is a legit Metroid game.
We're just telling you it's legit.
So definitely check it out.
We totally didn't just shoehorn this shit onto this game.
It is completely legit.
It seriously is legit as a fucking Star Fox guard game.
I mean, absolutely 100% legit.
But Samus is in it.
So of course it's canon.
No thanks.
Here's the way I put it.
I don't have a problem with if they want to try something different.
But to me, this game, to make like a Marvel comparison,
they have the Marvel Avengers cartoons and stuff.
They're pretty... I think it handles the properties well.
It's mature.
It's something you can get behind that's respectable to the properties.
And then they also have Marvel Superhero Squad,
which is like fucking retarded fart jokes,
goddamn stupid Saturday morning cartoon bullshit.
That is this of the Metroid universe.
It's the Marvel Superhero Squad of the Metroid universe.
I'm not going to go that far until I have a chance to actually get my hands on it.
But I think the frustration for most people is that
when people want a new Metroid game,
they want either, and I think people would take either one at this point,
either a new Prime game or a new 2D Metroid,
I think a lot of people really want.
And that's not what we're getting.
And I think that's where a lot of the frustration comes in, honestly.
I think if they'd announced this alongside a more traditional Metroid game,
kind of like we have Star Fox Zero and Star Fox Guard,
I don't think people would be complaining as much.
And I really think that's what it boils down to.
I really think that's why some people are reacting so heavily
to the Metroid Federation Force thing,
is because it's not the Metroid game people wanted.
But that doesn't necessarily mean it's going to be a bad game, either.
So, you know, kind of like you said earlier, Loki,
you could put a different IP on some things.
The whole Star Fox Guard could have been Luigi's Mansion.
You never know what IP, you could have stamped on it.
Kaijuto in chat says, people want Retroid.
Although the indie scene does a pretty good job at giving us a ton of those.
Alex P Carson says, you know what we mean when we say we want a new Metroid game.
Ziba in chat says, the guy was like,
I've been wanting to make this game for ten plus years.
It's nice that he wants to do a side story game,
but it's not what people want.
So, you know, and I just, I hope it won't tick people off so much
that they won't even try it, because the game might be pretty rad.
It might suck, it might, but it might also be really rad.
So, I mean, don't, you know, don't get mad just because
it's not the Metroid game you want.
Maybe if this game does well, they'll think about revisiting the Metroid universe.
Who knows, but at the same time, if it doesn't do well,
then I think people are going to resent it even more
that Nintendo went down this path.
So, I think Nintendo's kind of in a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation.
But we'll see what happens. We will.
Anyway, that's all I really have to say about the Direct.
Dark Saga, I don't know if you saw any of the Direct,
but is there anything that you've been hearing about?
Like, especially, you know, you like your RPGs.
Is there anything you might check out?
Like the Shin Megami Tensei Crossfire Emblem?
No, I don't like Fire Emblem and I didn't play Shin Megami Tensei.
Bravely Second?
Maybe I haven't finished Bravely First.
I'm still stuck on Danganronpa. Don't make me think about other games.
Alright, fair enough.
Okay, let's get into it. Speaking of being stuck on certain games,
let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
that we have been playing this week,
and then we'll get into the rest of the news from this week.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
What types of games have you been playing this week?
I played a lot of Danganronpa.
Which I just finally got through the first trial.
I haven't had like a whole bunch of time to play,
even though I've been off of work for a little bit.
But I've also been doing that and doing the PVP on Heroes of Dragon Age off and on.
I've also been...
What else did I play?
Well, I guess...
Oh yeah, I picked up Final Fantasy Type 0.
It went on sale on Steam for a half price.
I haven't played it yet.
I also deleted like maybe 30 games out of my Steam library
that were taking up space that I'm not playing.
And then I also yelled at Super Hexagon.
And then cried for a little bit.
Oh, and Neko Atsume.
Although it's not really a game.
But Danganronpa is as good as everyone always told me it was.
And I didn't have anything to play it on in the day.
And now I'm glad I got it on Steam.
It's totally, totally fun.
And fucked up.
And I might have ordered a Monokuma plushie.
The fandom has begun.
All right.
So screwed up.
You should see the shirt I ordered today.
I have to send it to you.
It's a mismatch.
Actually, I'll show you.
One of my buddies sent me a picture on text message
and told me about this.
It is a hybrid of Kermit meeting Bayonetta.
What?
It's a shirt called Kerminetta.
And it's amazing.
What?
No.
I'll show you the picture there.
Sorry for...
That is so weird.
I know this is horrible radio to be showing a visual in here.
But just imagine.
You can only imagine.
My brain.
Kermit meets Bayonetta.
And I had to have it.
So much.
Had to have it.
All right, Loki, how about your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton this week.
I just played a lot more stuff for Lego Avengers.
So I'm about 85% done now.
It's just kind of monotonous.
But I have most of the characters now.
Yay.
My son's happy.
That's really all he's doing it for.
Actually, no, he's not happy.
He's not...
He's like, did you get more Iron Man suits?
I'm like, I think you have them all already.
I want more.
I'm like, they don't do anything differently.
I get the sense your son really likes Iron Man
because I saw the outfit that he was wearing.
Yeah, well, that's the only one.
Yeah, he has that in...
Yeah, he likes Iron Man.
That's cool.
Iron Man's cool.
That's it?
Yeah, unfortunately, I mean...
I think that's it.
Yeah, because I didn't play any Fallout
because I haven't wanted my game to update yet.
Because I like cheating the way I was.
So I just haven't gotten around to playing that.
And I downloaded Broforce and that other Glax Z,
but I haven't played it yet.
So, yeah, that's it, unfortunately.
I played those two games both briefly.
I liked some of the effects in the Galax Z thing
with the whole, like, you know, when you pause it,
it looks like you paused a VCR tape and that whole thing.
But I didn't play a lot a lot of the games,
so I can't really talk about it in depth.
But it was interesting, and I liked some of the stylists.
Yeah.
Stylistic things they did with it.
All right, so getting into my gaming week.
I don't talk a lot about this anymore
because I kind of was talking about it ad nauseam.
But I will bring up quickly,
because today was a big Ingress day,
so I just want to mention real quick,
I was up at 4 in the morning today to go do a big thing
where we were going to throw a triangle over the entire city.
You were going to say Citadel.
Over the Citadel.
My favorite triangle on the Citadel.
Which, you know, it's funny because at first I was like,
all right, I'm going to stop talking about Ingress
as much on the show because people, you know,
either you're into it or you're not,
and it's kind of different than a lot of other video games.
But then Niantic announced they're going to make Pokemon Go,
so it's like, well, now Ingress, you know, what they do there,
you might see kind of come over to Pokemon Go,
so I think it's kind of relevant again.
But anyway, with Ingress, you know,
for such a simple kind of concept,
which is the whole fact that you connect these portals together
to draw triangles essentially,
and that is what gets you points for your team
depending on the population density inside the field.
So usually the bigger the better for the triangle,
but the more people you cover,
the more mind units you capture for your team.
So to do an effort like this where we triangle the whole town
takes a lot of people.
And so I was just, you know, for obvious reasons,
because I don't know who's listening to this program,
I can't get into too many of the details,
but I can just say it's amazing how the coordination
and the dedication for all these people play into this thing.
And it's so silly in a way because it's like
there's no tangible real-life reward for it.
But I think the best kind of analogy I can make it to
is like remember back in the day when World of Warcraft
had a 40-man raid in it, Molten Core,
and then the feeling you get when you beat the boss,
like everything goes to strategy
and you take out a new boss for the first time,
there's a lot of that exact same type of feeling,
I feel like, in Ingress,
when you have to get all those people together
to do something like that, and then, you know,
we got lucky and everything worked out just the way we wanted it to,
and it's like, okay, when we made the triangle and covered the town,
it's like that is like that same feeling
that you conquered this new raid boss.
So my point is I beat Ingress.
At least that's what it felt like today.
I don't know. Anyhow.
I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says,
Cytangent was Ingress a mess at MAGFest?
I wouldn't say it was really a mess,
but to be honest, I wasn't checking it as much as you think.
I actually kind of consciously told myself like,
okay, don't just sit there and pew, pew, pew,
laser beam all the portals while you're here.
Hack once or twice a day, and then you're here for a convention.
Have fun with it.
So that's what I really tried to do with it.
But Bobby does point out,
I have a picture of Sky running around the National Mall to play Ingress.
Now that was different because when we left MAGFest,
now I was like, I'm at this place.
Lord knows I'm going to be here again.
I got to get all these uniques.
Hack this one, hack this one, hack this one, hack this one.
That was me in San Francisco,
and I actually now own the Conservatory of Flowers.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
Careful.
The other team might be listening, and they'll know it's your guardian.
Like, I'm going to get back there anytime soon.
Geez.
All right.
That's okay.
No one's touched my top secret home portal.
All right.
Good, good.
It's still mine.
You need to come put some eights on.
I was, you know, I forgot.
I was in your neighborhood like the other night,
and I just didn't even think about it.
We have maybe like, some of ours are like three away from being fully level eight.
Nice.
Yeah, so come help.
All right, well, Alan and I will take a road trip and do that.
Anyway, enough of that.
I had to share that story because the feeling I had today was like conquering a raid boss
and wow, and I think that's the best way I can put it.
If Pokemon Go has that type of stuff where you're going to have to coordinate people
and get people together to capture Mew or something really rare or something like that,
I think, like, you guys, shit's going to get real with Pokemon Go.
My expectations get higher and higher for Pokemon Go, which probably isn't a good thing.
I need to temper them a little bit.
Anyhow, other games I played this week that weren't on my phone.
I played Final Fantasy XIV.
There I go again with that, but to be fair, there is still that recent patch,
and there's a lot more to explore.
I still haven't finished the story, but I did the new.
Technically, it's not a primal fight, but it feels like one.
It might as well be a primal fight, and the music is so good.
I'm telling you guys, Soken, who does the music for XIV, is so awesome,
and he does so many different styles of music,
and this one's industrial, so it's like the song that plays.
In fact, actually, some of you guys might have seen her on the blogs.
I guess Powerman 5000 took issue with the song
because it sounded a lot like their single from years ago,
but to me it sounded more like an old-school Nine Inch Nails song
was what the boss fight sounded like, so that was awesome.
So yeah, I've been playing a lot more of that.
And then otherwise, not a lot on console,
although I did get my copy of Twilight Princess HD today.
I haven't had a chance to play it yet, but I will say the amiibo is gorgeous.
I swear the amiibo get better and better.
That amiibo is gorgeous. I love the wolf link.
So yeah, there's that amiibo.
Also, I will say this randomly, I played Pinball FX 2 this week on Steam
because there is a Humble Bundle right now
where you can get a ton of tables in the Humble Bundle,
and I was like, eh, why not?
I haven't played Pinball FX in a while,
but I picked up a bunch of tables through the Humble Bundle
and played that on Steam, and that was fun.
So there you go.
That was my gaming week.
So moving into housekeeping real fast.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
We are also on Facebook, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And Google Plus, Google.com slash Plus, Orange Lounge Radio.
There will be no show here in studio April 3rd.
I know that's a very random day to be taking off,
but Alan and I are making a very random trip out of town,
so we will not be here.
Unfortunately, I tried to get a flight
that would still have us able to do the show,
and it was like $300 more when you consider there's two of us.
So I was like, all right, I love the show,
but do I love the show $300?
So yeah, we're not going to be back in time outside.
Plus it gives me a little more time on our trip,
so there will be no show on Sunday, April 3rd.
What's really exciting, though, not long after that.
See, here's the thing is that, okay, you don't get a show on the 3rd,
but you will get a lot of us the next weekend
because we will have a show on Sunday the 10th,
and on Saturday the 9th, SAC Indie Arcade is back.
Remember we did that last year?
I'm hoping we can get the folks from SAC IGDA back on the show
before the end of the month to talk about it,
but SAC IGDA is happening again on April 9th.
I do not know yet if we will have a live broadcast this year.
You may remember last year we had some issues with the Wi-Fi,
and this year they're looking at doing some video live streaming,
so we may unfortunately not be able to do that,
but we do want to figure out what we can do in some capacity,
so stay tuned.
We're still working out those details, and we'll have more for you.
Hopefully we can't.
Live stream is not off the table.
We may have a way that we can still do it,
so if that works out where we feel relatively secure
that we're not going to have a ton of dropouts,
we'll do a live stream on April 9th,
so more information to come on that.
So for what it's worth, okay, you lose a well on April 3rd,
but you're going to have a lot more stuff that weekend,
which will be very exciting, and more indie games,
which is always cool, from local people.
And just think, on the 17th,
we get to see if I really am still hangover resistant.
April's a busy month.
I know, because my birthday party, and then my birthday.
Yeah, that's a busy month, April.
I'm just probably going to be drinking so much the night before
I'm going to walk in drunk.
Dan will have to drop me off.
Well, that'll be a fun show guaranteed, so stay tuned for that.
All right, let's see, over at live.vognetwork.com,
Bobby Blackwell says, new vog videos.
Maybe if I can get my camera person to come visit and do that,
that would be fantastic.
Let's see, s2100matt also points out April 3rd is wrestling mania.
Oh, well, shit.
I wouldn't want to go up against that anyway, so what the hell.
But I'm not going out of town for WrestleMania.
Where are they even having WrestleMania this year?
I don't even know.
I'm sure somebody in chat knows anyway.
BobbyBlackWolf in chat wants also to point out that the vog videos
that we talked about briefly last week,
we saw some of the videos from MAGFest last week,
but now they're all up.
So if you did miss our video coverage of MAGFest,
just go to vognetwork.com, and it's right there on the front page,
a little splash.
I think you see a picture of me and YYR.
Just click on that, and you can actually see all the videos from MAGFest.
So speaking of indie games, we talked to four indie games developers
and one charity.
So check that out over at vognetwork.com
if you haven't seen those videos yet.
All right, I think we're ready to get back into some gaming news.
Let's do it.
Loki, start us off.
You had to get situated on the Wi-Fi.
You all good?
Yes, I'm all good.
I was trying to sideload stuff now,
because all the cool stuff is sideloaded, of course.
Of course.
That's how it works.
Anyways, speaking of cool stuff, No Man's Sky,
I've been looking forward to that for a while.
They finally announced the date that's going to be released,
which is on June 21st.
The other thing they announced was the price, which was $60.
It will be a full-price retail game,
and they also are going to have a collector's edition.
They'll be coming to consoles, including a comic steelbook case
and other digital items and a theme for the PlayStation 4.
And then an epic edition that's $150 limited from I Am 8-Bit,
which includes a statue of the ship and that kind of shit.
I don't know. $60 for the game.
It looks like it could be worth it. I hope it is.
So, I'm looking forward to it.
I know people are like,
Indie game? $60?
I don't care who makes the game.
If the content justifies the price, that's really all it comes down to.
Who gives a shit who makes it?
I don't understand the argument against the price tag, either.
I mean, if you don't like it, don't buy it.
It's funny, because I sit here and say,
I don't understand the argument against the price tag,
yet at the same time, just last week, I said,
I'm not paying $60 for Street Fighter V.
I'm not dropping that money on Street Fighter V this week.
Maybe I'll wait for a little while.
I did the same thing with Mortal Kombat X, too.
I said, you know there's going to be a best-of-the-year edition.
It'll be either $60 but come with a lot more,
or there'll be a cheaper price or something.
And sure enough, what are we getting?
A new Mortal Kombat X is coming out pretty soon.
But as far as No Man's Sky goes,
as much as I was kind of razzing that game
because I didn't understand what the hell the point was,
because I kind of felt like they were showing the same trailer for two years,
I understand there's reasons for that,
that they didn't want to over-hype it
and promise things that they couldn't deliver on, which I can respect.
And I also understand they had that flood that set them back.
So I'm trying to cut them a little slack here.
And now that we're starting to learn more about the game
and just how vast it's going to be,
I'm like, okay, it really sounds like they're aiming for a game
that's going to have hundreds of hours of gameplay
and not charge you a monthly fee.
$60 seems reasonable.
When you look at an indie game like Journey,
paying $60 for Journey,
I still kind of think that would have been worth it, honestly.
Journey is that effing good.
But Journey is also a game that you can beat in two hours.
So I don't think there's a lot of people crazy like me
that would sit here and say, yeah, $60 for Journey would have been totally...
Because Journey, at MAGFest,
we watch them play it start to finish in about 100 minutes
with the live soundtrack, which is an amazing experience.
Look how long this game has been in development
and look how vast of a world it is.
I look at Minecraft, how Minecraft is $30.
This may be more than that, but I'm hoping to get more time out of it.
I just hope it's not fucking boring.
I understand procedural generates sometimes can get kind of boring,
but it looks interesting.
My interest has peaked.
There's been $60 games that have not been worth my time.
I don't know. I'm worth it.
Or I think it's worth it.
ActDeft in chat says, it's all in the eye of the beholder.
That's true.
Alan Alchemy in chat says,
indie has become synonymous with retro-styled or nostalgia bait,
which generally commands a lower price point.
If an indie can make a sweeping 50-hour epic,
then they should be able to charge for it.
Alex P. Carson in chat says,
I gave Journey so much shit at first,
but then changed my tone real quick.
I wonder if some of these skeptics may change their tone real quick too,
if they actually kind of play the game and go,
okay, this feels like a game a AAA studio would have made.
What does that even fucking mean?
I don't know.
Because, admittedly, I have no idea what the hell I'm saying right now.
Because, you know, look at movies.
Big budget, dumb, fun movies can be really great.
Like the Marvel universe, right?
Those are all pretty much AAA budget movies,
but I think most would agree,
all the Marvel movies have been pretty effing good,
and they're a lot of fun, and they're good popcorn flicks, right?
Maybe one or two aside.
But for the most part,
everybody's losing their shit over Deadpool,
which I still haven't seen.
Guardians of the Galaxy, everybody loved.
But at the same time, there's also indie movies, right?
That are made for a lot less money,
that also, you know, they still charge you the same price as the theater.
It's, you know, I don't know.
So it's like, who says an indie can't make the same game a AAA developer can?
It's just, I think what the real difference comes down to is,
what's an indie game and what's a AAA game?
In part, it's just in the eyes of, you know, whoever's making the call.
I think it depends on the studio that's putting it out, I think,
which is kind of what it is in movies,
is that, oh, well, if it's a Warner Brothers or a 20th Century Fox movie,
then that's a big studio film.
But if it's a small indie developer,
even though most of those indie studios are owned by the big ones,
like what, Miramax was just a Disney thing, right?
Miramax was all those movies back in the day.
So anyway, this is interesting.
Let's see, Tiger Claw in chat says,
No Man's Sky has said to love a lot of planets.
I think that's supposed to be have a lot of planets and such,
but is it procedurally generated worlds?
Will they be different enough that you won't start seeing some of the same creatures
and planetary environments being recycled?
Oh, I'm sure that stuff will be recycled.
But the question is, how much variety will there be?
How many different combinations are there to make it feel, you know,
a little different?
And, you know, will there be certain planets that end up being generated
in just the right way that they become must-see planets?
Like, doesn't that happen in Minecraft where, like,
there's probably certain seeds out there where people are like,
oh, you got to try this seed because it does something really funny?
But I don't know if you're going to be able to jump to planets like that.
I think it's just you get randomly dumped into the universe and good luck.
I'm really interested to see how this works out.
So anyhow, let's move on and talk about Rock Band 4.
Rock Band 4 going to be potentially launching on the PC,
targeting a release in fall of 2016 on Steam.
The PC version of Rock Band 4 is being, I keep wanting to say Kickstarted,
but it's not Kickstarter. It's another website called Fig.
Crowdfunded.
Crowdfunded, thank you.
It's starting to be that thing where I say Kickstarter,
like we say we're going to make a Xerox instead of we're going to make a copy, right?
So got to be careful.
Anyway, so it's going to be crowdfunded on a site called Fig,
although isn't Fig's big thing the whole fact that you're actually an investor?
So it's not really crowdfunded here.
Yeah, you are an investor.
And it also happens to be founded by one of the people at Harmonix, ironically enough.
But this is also double-finded a game there recently, right?
And the Jay and Silent Bob game that we brought up last week was on there too.
So Fig's got a few of these games.
But anyway, Rock Band 4, it is being launched on Fig,
and they are going to have World Tour campaign mode, freestyle guitar solos,
65 songs out of the box, 33 additional songs for backers on Fig,
1700 additional playable songs through DLC.
They're talking about that it's going to support a lot of the different instruments
that are already out there through adapters and so forth.
$1.5 million they have to raise in 35 days.
And so far towards their $1.5 million goal in the first five days,
they've hit $350,000 about.
So they're 23% of their goal when they're about a seventh of the way through the campaign.
So, you know, it's pretty good.
But you tend to make the most of the money at the beginning and at the end.
So we'll see what happens for them.
Here's the thing.
I'm going to say it, and I know a lot of you guys are probably thinking it,
but I got to say it.
Rock Band 4 doesn't feel finished on consoles.
And so for me, this is a little early to be asking for this.
And sorry, I know a lot of you love harmonics dearly.
I do too.
But I have to be honest and you all know how I feel about Rock Band 4
because the same way a lot of you guys feel is that Rock Band 4 was kind of a step down from Rock Band 3.
Now I understand and part of the whole like justification they've been talking about this or whatever
is that it's not really harmonics doing this port.
Like they're going to be using somebody else to do the port.
Well that's always worked out well.
That's not really encouraging me, I'm sorry to say.
And that's to get people to realize that harmonics is not shifting resources to work on PC
when console is not still done or whatever.
It's just that these new guys are going to work on it while they continue to work on the console versions.
And I'm still kind of like, I'm sorry, I'm not convinced.
I feel like such an asshole, but it's just the reality.
I feel let down by amplitude and I feel let down by Rock Band 4.
I don't want to compare them to Konami, but it's like...
Don't go to that extreme!
Let's just say harmonics of now is not the harmonics of Rock Band 1 or 2 when that came out.
It's not the same, it's just not...
I don't know, the quality isn't quite there.
They thought that by name alone they would be able to be a success again and it just wasn't happening.
Yeah, and bonds006 in chat says, Rob is like, sorry, not sorry.
My honest feeling, I'm allowed to have feelings.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, hey at least Rock Band 4 is better than Rock Revolution, come on now.
Yeah, that's a good point. The Konami thing was way harsh, Loki. Very, very harsh.
No, Rock Revolution was shit. That was absolute shit.
Especially coming from a company that did develop their own music games. Come on.
Again, just blows my mind. You could have just, I don't know, given us Guitar Freaks.
Exactly, they could have just put out Guitar Freaks and put some US songs in there as well and done.
We're beating a horse that's been dead for like ten years.
We need to stop, but it's just the struggle of the music gaming fan for years and years and years.
But anyway, with this harmonic saying, look, I have a problem saying, sure I'm going to give you money to sit on for a long time while you make Rock Band 4 PC.
I just have a problem doing that when I don't believe Rock Band 4 was the game we were promised.
And so, no, I'm not going to give you money to continue it on PC.
And you can talk about this whole thing where it's like, but the developers are going to be different people and so forth all you want.
I'm sorry, I'm not investing more money in this game until we were given the game we were promised.
And that would be a game that was better than Rock Band 3, which it's not. Sorry. Not sorry.
Anyhow, all right, we need to change the topic, Dark Sakura. We need we need puppies and sunshine and rainbows. Can you deliver?
Nope.
Damn it.
I can deliver some ass hattery.
So basically, and we had even talked about this before about developers paying for reviews, right?
Well, a group called PC Games N did a big investigation on some people who are using Fiverr.com to sell Steam reviews to developers.
And they said they found they basically were looking for anything that had more than two positive reviews from Fiverr.com reviewers.
And the two that they've discounted because they're already really popular were Super Hexagon and Counter Strike Global Offensive.
But more, there's actually a list of games that fall into those.
So if you look at the reviews, consider the source.
But you ready for this list?
We have Advert City, Apocalypse Hotel, A ReWorld, Blood of Magic, Cat Simulator, which now I just want to look for that by name alone.
Sentari Sector, D3D Gear, Egyptian Senate, Epic Character Generator, Epic Showdown, Garfield Kart.
That just sounds not good.
Gods vs. Humans, Home Design 3D, Hospital Manager, Moto Racer Collection, Nostradamus The Last Prophecy, Prehistoric with a K, and Ship Lord.
So I'm going to be honest, most of these are games I've never heard of.
I've heard of Cat Simulator. It's garbage.
So, I'm sorry, I think I missed a portion.
So they were able to prove that these games had two or more reviews that came from the Fiverr source?
Yeah, and basically they even went and contacted the reviewers. Like, yeah, we were paid to do it.
Well, I kind of think legally they have to say that, don't they?
Yeah.
Wasn't there a whole, didn't, like...
But they didn't say it in the reviews.
Of course they did.
They were contracted, sorry, contacted by the PC Games N.
It's not so much official, it's just a Steam review. It's not like, it's supposed to be like a personal review.
But the better numbers you can look by rating.
Yeah, yeah, and I kind of see that end of it, especially when I just confessed.
I don't know any of these games, except the Cat Simulator, because inevitably the gaming blogs were like, LOL cats.
But for these games, I've not heard of them, so this whole thing was to bust up the rating so that, you know, you would see it there.
And it's, I don't know, like, that would be, I guess, similar to if I went on Fiverr and said,
if you rate OLR five stars on iTunes, I'll give you five bucks.
Which, I don't have that kind of money for the types of reviews we would need to be up there.
Those are the companies, but I don't know, I just feel weird about it.
A five star review means so much more when it's genuine. Does that make sense?
Like, when somebody wrote one because they wanted to, it's like, I don't know, I just, I wouldn't do that.
Okay, so here's what it was, is that basically the person did a quote, undercover thing.
Because I'm checking out their article more in depth.
The person says, hi, hope you're well, I'm interested in having you review a Steam game for me.
Could you fire over a few previous examples of your work? I have a Steam code, blah, blah, blah.
So, the person sends back 20 different games that they've reviewed for previous work.
And then all of them were for pay.
There's probably sites out there that will offer to write positive reviews on Steam for a set amount of money.
For five bucks a pop.
Yeah, well, Amazon had a huge issue with this.
I thought I heard something recently that Amazon actually, like, sued some of these companies.
I don't know if it was the reviewers or the companies that would pay the reviewers.
I apologize, I didn't read up on it beforehand, but I just remember hearing something about that with Amazon.
Here's the other thing, thanks for sending over the samples, would a review be possible?
The reply was, it's unspoken, but yes.
Huh. Interesting.
Well, I mean, that just goes to show, you gotta question some of those reviews, unfortunately, on Steam.
And one person said that he would do an honest review of the 13 that he contacted.
All right. Well, let's move on. More news. Loki.
All right, cool.
Yeah, and like I said, that cat singularium, terrible.
And I'm sure a lot of the, I can't speak with the rest of them, but I'm sure the rest are not very good.
Anyways, Microsoft, I don't know what they're doing, to be honest.
I mean, their new stance is that they may be introducing modular hardware and different add-ons,
basically saying that they're gonna come out with new hardware capabilities during a generation,
allowing the same games to run backwards and forwards compatible,
and they're gonna have the Universal Windows applications running on top of the Universal Windows platform.
And I'm not really sure what exactly that means, and to be honest, I don't know.
It just seems like fragmentation's gonna happen with that.
I don't know how you can do that on a console platform where you have hardware that runs better than the current hardware you have.
Is it just not gonna run with as many bells and whistles as the other stuff?
It just seems kind of weird that they would do that.
Although Microsoft is one to include a lot of add-ons for their systems,
hence the HD DVD player and all the other crap that they add to it.
So I just don't know.
I like the idea of adding, if you want to upgrade my hard drive,
Microsoft haven't really allowed us to do that, except for your proprietary shit.
Sure, yeah, that makes sense.
That's kind of cool.
I wouldn't even be cool with upgrading RAM and stuff like that,
but then again, once again, you have the fragmentation problem with that.
It's gonna get complicated now as a consumer because you have an Xbox One or whatever it may be,
and now you should never be at a point in a retail location where you go,
well, is this gonna run on my game system?
Yeah, that's the whole reason we get consoles is so that we don't have to ask that question.
So that is very strange.
And I guess if you think about it, we have been kind of in that position a few times already,
like with Nintendo 64 having the RAM cart in there.
It's like, oh, this doesn't run without that.
Or the whole, I didn't even get into this in the kickoff topic,
but the whole Super Nintendo games are only playable on the new 3DS that came out of Nintendo's Direct,
which kind of...
I think that that's stupid.
I think that they should just open it up and have some games,
sorry, these games are too processor intensive.
They can only run on the new 3DS.
The rest of these, we'll offer them to you.
If it runs fine on the system, I don't see why they locked it out.
I know why they're locking out because they can sell some more fucking systems.
Well, I got into some Twitter discussions about this because it blew my mind.
I was like, wait a minute, I have the Game Boy Advance Ambassador games.
So you're telling me Mario Kart on GBA is more intensive than Mario Kart on Super Nintendo?
That just blew my mind.
But some people were trying to tell me the technical lens of things,
so I'm like, okay, whatever.
I guess there's just more to it that my feeble mind doesn't understand or whatever.
But I just wasn't understanding why can it do Game Boy Advance games but not Super Nintendo games.
But it sounds like a lot of those Game Boy Advance games,
they really had to tailor it one at a time to make them work.
But then I'm like, okay, if they're not doing that now for virtual console games that they release,
where they're tailoring them one at a time, then they're coming out too fucking slow.
Virtual console, I'm starting to hit my over it point with it.
I only really get excited about virtual console now when it's big things we've never seen, like Earthbound.
Or if they were to say, we're going to put out Second Detsetsu 3, an English version, on virtual console,
I'd be like, fuck yes, I'm rubbing my wallet on the screen right now, where's my game?
Some of those types of things where it's like, okay, these long lost things we're finally going to bring out,
I am so about that. But do I need pilot wings on my DS when I already had it on the Wii and the Wii U?
Nah. What are they doing? What's going to make it worth it?
I'm going to need a little something more at a virtual console to justify to buy that thing again.
Does that make sense?
No, that makes sense.
I need online play. I need leaderboards. I need something.
Now, to be fair, maybe we're going to see that in NX.
And you might see a little clue about that.
And again, the last virtual console thing that I think was kind of exciting was the fact that Pokemon Red, Blue, and Yellow,
in its virtual console release, will use the Pokemon Bank to let you move those Pokemon to Sun and Moon.
There you go. That is exciting virtual console news.
To me, that news? More exciting than the Super Nintendo games on 3DS.
I realize some of you that have the big commutes and rely more on portable gaming are totally going to disagree with me, and that's cool.
Here's my thing. I was just confirming this because I thought I could do this before.
Mario Kart emulated perfectly on a PSP. Are you saying that the 3DS is not more powerful than a PSP?
I mean, that's what I'm saying. Isn't that hardware much newer and should be running much more smoothly, I would think.
And you can't run that? Hell, I just don't get it. I don't get how that's possible.
Looking at some comments through chat over at live.vognoteboard.com, AlphaKnanogram says,
The Game Boy Advance Ambassador games turned off all the 3DS features like StreetPass. I'm okay with that.
And here's the other thing, too. I understand. Let's say, hypothetically, Nintendo's tried and they can't get an emulator to run the game just fine.
I bet you, you can get one of these people that make the fucking homebrew emulators if you gave them full access to the fucking...
Because they're doing this in emulation mode with the Nintendo DS and that type of shit.
If you give them full access to the 3DS hardware as far as being able to use the full processor power and everything,
I bet you can get a fucking emulator running that would run all those games. You just don't want to do that.
You don't want to spend the time and effort to do that because you're just not going to make up enough money in the end.
I guess you would make up quite a bit of money since you're fucking selling the games every fucking platform that you put it out on.
Here's the thing, and I'm going to end it with it because we got way apart from the original story about Microsoft,
but I guess these stories aren't as far apart as they might seem.
But my whole thing with the Nintendo games is that...
Am I getting mad about it just to get mad? Because would I really be buying these games again on the 3DS? No.
So it really just boils down to this thing of, eh, I don't care. I don't get it, but okay, they can't do it, whatever. Am I going to get mad about it? No.
Because I was not going to buy Pilotwings or even Earthbound yet again on the 3DS. I wasn't going to do it.
Here's my thing. I think it's not necessarily because it's locked to that one system or that I have to rebuy them.
It's just that, come on, we're in 2016 and you still have to figure out a way to have cross-platform buys on your fucking platform?
I mean, you haven't figured that out yet? Something that has been available on the PlayStation 3 for years now?
I mean, on the Xbox? I mean, come on Nintendo, shit, man. This is fucking standard shit you should have on your platform.
Let me take this back to the Xbox story for a minute here, because we were talking about the whole modular Xbox and all this.
And we were talking about this a little bit with Bobby on his show at the end of the show.
And I mentioned, well, doesn't Nintendo kind of do the modular thing too? They're just way better about how they do it?
No, they're not.
I disagree, but how often do we sit here and go, haha, the Wii is just two Gamecubes stuck together.
I mean, in a way, it was a modular upgrade, but it brought the whole motion control thing.
That was a little different, the fact that the motion control in Wii Sports was revolutionary and all that.
And then the Wii U is kind of like, oh, and you've even heard this expression before, it's a souped up Wii.
It's a Wii with a little more infinite, and now it's the tablet thing.
So I kind of would argue that Nintendo does the modular thing already, and they do it very well.
I wouldn't say no. I wouldn't even compare the Wii. Let's look at the DS, the 3DS, the DSi.
That is the fucking modular bullshit, because those were updates that were necessary.
I mean, the 3DS, I understand the gimmick was, hey, it's 3D graphics and stuff, and that was pretty cool.
And then they're like, ah, fuck it, we're just, eh, 3D, no one wants to see that, you know, whatever, we're just not going to support it very well.
But the DSi was not fucking necessary, but they did it anyways because there's certain games that only run on the DSi and that kind of stuff, which is stupid.
And trying to explain that the consumers was dumb.
And the 3DS, yeah, the same thing now with the new 3DS, which that stupid little thumb-nub thing, which is fucking terrible, but whatever, they put it out.
And it runs games slightly better, I guess. I don't really see a justification to it, especially when they're like, oh yeah, we have a new platform coming out.
It's like, well, you can't just announce something or put something out and announce, oh, we've got something else coming out too.
I understand they kind of do that in the mobile space and stuff like that with phones, and is that what Microsoft's trying to do?
Are they trying to fucking new Xbox One? I mean, that's going to be stupid.
Damn, you stole the point I was just about to make because I was going to say, you know, at the same time, to be fair to Microsoft, aren't we all used to this in the mobile space?
And it doesn't matter if you're Apple or Android or whatever, but generally, I'll use Apple because their naming conventions are very easy.
You know, there's iPhone 4, and then there was the iPhone 4s? 4 with a letter after it.
4s.
4s, thank you. And then there was a 5, and then there was the 5s.
And so, you know, for me, I'm like, okay, I don't need the new one every year.
I'll get the, you know, my cell phone's on a two-year, so I'll get the 4 and then skip it, get the 5, which I think is what most people do.
And even if you're on Android, you do something similar over there, right?
So I'm kind of like, you know, in a way, we're kind of used to that.
Whereas some techie people, you know what, they will get the 4 and the 4s and the 5 and shell out that, you know, extra money to offset the subsidy and so forth,
or sell it on the third market or whatever they do, to get the newest one every year.
And some people will do that. I don't.
That makes sense, I guess, if they're making a, you know, making profit off of each one of those devices that they're selling.
Although Microsoft, and I think this goes the same for most consoles, they're selling those at a loss.
So to do that doesn't make any goddamn sense.
But, I mean, what would be the point of that?
I mean, because you're, are we really utilizing the hardware fully to the, I mean, can we not do, is there something that we're not able to do because of that?
I mean, what exactly is the point of upgrading the hardware right now?
Oh, have we hit the cap of what you can do on the Xbox One?
Is this because, like, they were fucking lagging behind, like, multi-platform stuff?
Like, games on the PlayStation 4 run better than they do on the Xbox One, is that the problem?
Is that why we're doing this now?
I just don't understand, what is the point?
Show me why we're doing this.
Because that's the other thing, is you're going to have to sell people on, you need this upgrade because of this.
Because HoloLens won't work without it.
Just kidding, I'm kidding.
Alright.
I mean, that's the reasoning.
Justify your reasoning, that's all I'm saying.
I have a feeling this conversation will continue, perhaps after E3, or perhaps the email we're going to get this week, but we'll see.
We're going to move on, though, for time. I've got to move on to the next story.
Oh, I was going to also say that they're continuing on backwards compatibility as well.
That's going to be a focus for them.
Good.
Which I think is great.
I enjoy opening up my Xbox One, then I go into my library, and then, like, oh, a random-ass arcade game I bought ten years ago is coming up in my library.
Yeah, I think that's fucking amazing.
It's cool.
Sony, hello?
Fucking dude, I've got a ton of fucking games on PlayStation 3.
I would love to be able to do this without fucking PlayStation Now.
Loki had kicked every other gaming company and then realized he left Sony out.
I mean, seriously, it's...
I got some for you too, asshole.
It is so fucking stupid.
Like, I'm, like, seriously, like, I got an email today because of that stupid class action lawsuit thing.
Because before I was like, I don't really want any more games because I've already gotten these from the last time they settled, but I'll take some more free games, whatever.
Like, sorry, you can't have any more PlayStation Plus time, but you can purchase one of these games.
I'm like, but then that means I have to hook up my PlayStation 3 to play this. I don't want to do that.
Loki, you've, in the scope of one news story, you have managed to hate on everybody. You've managed to do it.
And fuck Konami.
I have a feeling Dark Soccer is just sitting over there going, I can't. I'm just...
I'm taking a Neko Atsume quiz. I just stopped paying attention.
So, yeah, so I'm right. You can't. You can't. You're like, ah, Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, how about cat butts?
Cat butts. Cat butts are the best butts.
I just kind of was like, the kitties.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, Loki is all like, and Sega, don't think because you don't have a console, I don't have words for you too.
Seriously, what are you doing with Sonic? I mean, come on. That's just stupid.
Hey, Loki, you gonna check out Mario and Sonic Go to Rio? 2016 games?
Alright, no, no, no, no, seriously, stop, stop. No, I'm not saying... I think, honestly, they should do something.
The team up with Mario and Sonic is not a bad thing. I just think they should do something more than just...
If you want your Sonic franchise to do well, I think that's what you can do.
Team up with Mario in like a fucking RPG or something like that. That would be more, you know, beneficial, I think.
Or fuck, have Sonic and Mario Kart or something like that.
I got four words that can piss anyone off at Sega instantly. You ready? Four words.
Fantasy Star Online 2. Thank you. Done.
Alright, moving on. Let's get to a story about Nintendo.
But this one, Loki, I don't think can hate on this. It is a rumor, so we don't even know if this is true.
And it has to do with the game Beyond Good and Evil 2. Like, where did Beyond Good and Evil 2 go?
It was shown one year and then it disappeared and then the rumor was, eh, they're still kind of working on it.
Ubisoft does say the project has not been canned. But a rumor has just piped up that Nintendo may have pulled a Bayonetta 2
and gotten Beyond Good and Evil 2 as an NX exclusive in 2017.
Now, the source, because, you know, I could just, you know, literally write words down on a piece of paper and go,
look at this rumor that just arrived on my desk.
So, where they're trying to put a little stock in this rumor is that this comes from a dual pixels writer
who had recently published the NX hardware rumors that also, from the same guy that leaked Pokemon forms
and the Illumeroom project and all this stuff. So, it comes from that same library is that this is what's happened to this.
So, get your salt lick and your tinfoil hats and, you know, take that with this.
But this could be a very interesting turn of events, especially when, do we know how well Bayonetta 2 ended up doing?
I get the sense it didn't do that great, which is a tragedy because that game is outstanding.
But I think there were just so many people that were like, hmm, Bayonetta's not on Sony or Microsoft, Nintendo can suck it.
I don't know. Or maybe it just wasn't enough to pull that sort of audience over to Nintendo's platform
for those that still see Nintendo as a kiddie console or whatever.
But maybe Bayonetta 2 did better than I think.
No, I'm checking.
I have this weird feeling it didn't.
Let's see. Damn you. I have to wait five seconds.
But the NX is going to be another story, hopefully.
You know, I think the Wii U made its biggest mistake with the launch lineup.
Apparently, globally, they said it sold just under one million units.
So, and that's as of February 20th, or not February, yeah, February 20th.
And then North America, looks like 550,000.
Okay, that's not a bomb, but it's not like...
It's not great.
Run and make number three, yeah.
Which is kind of sad that half a million is okay.
Well, to give you a comparison of what 5.5 million, or not 5.5, 0.55 million, what that means.
For example, Disney Infinity sold 0.57 million, the original Disney Infinity.
Let's see here, and how about for Nintendo.
Let's see, a Nintendo first party game.
Wonderful 101 was 390,000.
Huh. Yeah, but Wonderful 101, I don't think they were, like, really didn't...
Yeah, I'm not surprised that Bayonetta sold better than 101.
It sold slightly better than Lego Jurassic World.
Wow. Okay.
I think it's just the platform. It's just very limited, like, with who has it.
Well, but NX is a way to kind of hit the reset button, lol.
It's kind of a way to do that, so, I mean, we'll see what happens.
Especially considering, you know, if this is an Ubisoft title coming over, it's kind of a big deal.
And I know we had joked about that, you know, they say Nintendo is in bed with one of the companies out there for NX,
and we kind of just assumed it was Square Enix through deduction, but maybe it's Ubisoft.
Hmm.
Zynga. It's totally Zynga.
I don't know, did you hear Zynga is selling that infamous Sega building?
They're leaving that building.
Yeah. Anyway, speaking of Sega.
Alright, anyhow, I will be very interested to see if that happens.
I would like to see Nintendo be able to really prove these solid third party partnerships,
and this seems to be a really good way to do it, but we'll see. We'll see what develops.
Moving on, Dark Sakura, please tell me you have some good news.
We need some good news that we can all celebrate.
Yes.
Yay! What are you going to talk about?
Well, MAME was always free and always available, but now it's actually available under an OSI compliance, an FSF approved license.
So, meaning that they, before they had a choice of three that people could code with, and now it's fully open.
So, yay, MAME.
MAME, of course, being the very popular-
Multi-arcade machine emulator.
Thank you very much. Which, you know, questionable legalities, shifty eyes, for some stuff.
But for other stuff, I mean, some of the classic 80s games, I've heard some of those developers say,
I like MAME because it allows these games to live on when the cabinets are long since dead.
And some of those original authors have released their programs into the public domain, essentially, to kind of live on.
So, I think MAME has done a lot of great stuff for gaming in that regard.
So, that's cool that, you know, it's a little more open now and everybody can kind of jump in there and use it.
Is the source still open? I know it used to be.
The source is open.
I was surprised that they had a little footnote on there that, I'm sorry, the name is trademarked, though.
So, you gotta, you know, get permission to use the name.
Which, I'm surprised that they were able to trademark that.
Sure, well, anything can have a trademark on it, really.
Yeah, I understand that, but I thought that was one of the things, like, there was in there a big, like, thing, you know,
if everyone was in a big huff about, oh my god, someone's trying to trademark MAME, you know?
And then, here it's been done. I guess they just kind of slipped it under the radar there.
Is it only for certain things, though?
I don't know.
Because sometimes they do trademarks, but it's only for certain things, anyway.
Moving on. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games that are coming to a living room near you soon.
Loki, starting in the US.
So, this week we've got The Division coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
And also the Hitman, the new Hitman game.
They've got, you know, a few different ways you can purchase the first intro pack or whatever.
Because, remember, it's episodic now. Thank you, Square Enix.
That's gonna be coming out if you want the first episode for $14.99.
Otherwise, the full experience would be $60.
And, of course, the full experience, meaning that they'll eventually release those experiences later on.
Let's see.
And then, also this week...
Actually, I think that was it.
Nope, that is it.
So, that's those two games. Pretty light week.
Pretty light week.
Japan, I think it's a pretty light week over there as well.
Batman Arkham Knight Special Edition releases on PlayStation 4 this week in Japan.
Also, Summon Knight 6 Lost Borders comes out from Bandai Namco this week in Japan.
And Tom Clancy's The Division gets its Japanese release on March the 10th.
So, those are all out this week on PlayStation 4.
I believe the Wii U...
Yeah, the Zelda Twilight Princess HD thing we just got here will also be in Japan this week on March the 10th.
So, that's pretty cool.
And then going to the Vita, because we still have a lot of Vita stuff in Japan.
We also have Summon Knight 6 Lost Borders is out over there as well.
Kinero no Korda 4 is out in Japan in a regular Platinum and Treasure box,
because, you know, we love those collector's editions over in Japan.
Those are all out on March the 10th.
Also, Luminous Arc Infinity Complete Pack comes out as well on the Vita this week.
And then on the 3DS this week,
Metarot Girls, I don't know if that's Metarot or Metaro Girls,
Mission, Kabuto version, and Kuwagata version come out this week.
On the 3DS, there's your Japanese releases.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
Wow, a few things, actually.
On the 8th, we have the Culling, the PC...
Wait, the PC.
I meant the Culling on PC.
The Division on everything else.
On the 6th, we have Tesla Grad on Xbox One on the 9th.
On the 10th, Death Smiles for PC, which I have the Xbox 360 version of.
That's pretty fun.
The Guest.
And then on the 11th, we have Hitman.
We have Ori and the Blind Forest Definitive Edition.
Samurai Warriors 4 Empires.
Revolution, the 25th Anniversary Collection.
And WWE 2K16.
So there you go.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So E3's got two more publishers that are not going to be there.
So Disney is not going to be there.
And I think the main reason for that is that they don't have another game coming out this year.
They were not going to release Disney Infinity 4.0.
They've just got more 3.0 content.
So they're going to be doing other shows or events throughout the year in other locations.
And then of course, also, I was going to say, Wargaming is not going to be there as well.
So both of those companies are not at E3.
I don't think they're normally there in a large presence anyways.
Because Disney, they've kind of narrowed it down to putting out one game a year.
But they do have other things coming out for Disney Infinity 3.0.
There's three more character packs.
And I want to say a Marvel Battlegrounds thing that's going to be coming out pretty soon.
I think in the next couple months.
So that'll be something to look forward to.
My son keeps bugging me to get him the Hulkbuster armor.
I'm like, you hardly play Disney Infinity.
I'm not going to buy you anymore figures.
But the Ant-Man one looks pretty cool, so I may have to get that.
Very interesting, all these companies that are just deciding to skip E3 this year.
I mean, that's now four, three big companies in one kind of big one.
Yeah, well Activision, they're going to be at E3, but they're not going to have a booth.
So they're going to be there for meetings.
And they're doing their thing, I think, wasn't it across the street or something like that?
That's EA.
That's EA, I'm sorry.
I can't keep track of all these different companies, not at E3, but slightly at E3.
So EA is doing the thing across the street.
Activision is something.
They're like, hey, we got Call of Duty.
And to be honest, even though they're not going to be E3, I'm sure they'll have Call of Duty.
It'll be a part of either Microsoft or Sony's presentation.
It always fucking is.
I'm really interested to see what E3 looks like this year.
I mean, I'm not going to be going to see firsthand, but I'm very curious to see how the dynamic of this E3 might be different.
I have a really interesting feeling it's going to be a different show this year.
But, I mean, as much as you can say, oh, doom, gloom for E3 and all that stuff,
Nintendo is inevitably going to be putting out a new console.
And that's going to be a huge draw at E3 this year.
You know the NX, whatever it is, that's going to be the huge line generator must-see thing at E3 this year.
And to be fair, probably one of the only things to line up for because nobody else will have a booth.
I don't know. I'm assuming Microsoft will bring HoloLens again for more people to try.
And who knows what Sony might have under their hat because VR will be out before E3, right?
Or no, we don't know. We'll find out much if we will or not.
Hopefully?
Yeah, we'll find out soon.
Yeah, I want PlayStation VR. I'm kind of holding some funds aside for that.
So, you know, hopefully that they have good games for it.
Alright, well, you know, since some of us are going to be saving money not going to E3 this year,
maybe we can start to plan a trip to Japan, especially by the year 2020.
Start saving now.
Why would you want to go to Japan in the year 2020?
Well, I mean, why not, you guys?
I want to go there eventually myself.
But here's the deal. Universal Studios Japan has said that they will be spending 40 billion yen on Nintendo attractions.
Remember the deal between Universal and Nintendo?
This is kind of the next step in that.
So Universal Studios Japan is going to be spending that money on Nintendo attractions.
They will be on the left side of the park's main gate.
So I'm assuming kind of like how Universal Studios Hollywood just got the Harry Potter Wizarding World thing,
which Florida's had for a couple years.
Then they just got that at Hollywood.
I'm assuming instead of Harry Potter World in Japan, this is what they're going to get instead of some type of Nintendo thing.
Which, fine by me.
Don't get me wrong, I like Harry Potter, but I really like Nintendo.
So this will be exciting.
The plan is to have the work done by 2020 in time for the Summer Olympics, which are also in Japan in the year 2020.
And they are saying it is about the same scale as the Harry Potter themed area.
Oh, I guess Japan. Does Japan have one?
The story indicates that it might already have one in Japan.
I don't know. I have not been to Universal Studios Japan.
But perhaps they have the Harry Potter World there too.
But this is going to be similar to that.
And Universal does have an agreement with Nintendo in a cooperative effort to expand business.
That's going to be pretty awesome.
Oh man, I'd love to go.
Oh, of course. Then I think about how old I am going to be when this opens up, but whatever.
You know, some things are timeless.
So, what do you say Dark Sakura? You want to go to Japan in the year 2020?
I actually am already saving up. So, for real.
Yeah?
Looking into all kinds of things because I actually have a big trip that I'd like to take around 2020.
Nice. Let's go. Let's go to Universal Studios Japan.
I want to go to Universal Studios now.
Akuma JP, we're crashing at your place, alright?
Actually, I may have crashed space already.
Oh, nice.
But...
No, we know a few people over there too. Even if not.
I have a list of things I want to do.
I want to go to a fighter's baseball game.
I want to go to Tokyo DisneySea.
Yes, I'd love to go to DisneySea.
And I want to go to Kyoto.
That's my list. That's it. That's my list.
Alright.
I just want to go, like, hang out in Kyoto for, like, a month.
Alright, well, instead of flashing the clock forward, I think it's time we go backward a little bit in a segment called the Classic Game of the Week.
Every week, here at Orange Nana's Radio Dark, Sakura steps into the gaming vault to find a game that she thinks,
hey, listen, you kids and your holographic lenses and your cell phone VR and your technology, F that.
The classroom actually inspired me.
Oh, yeah?
Because of the discussion last week about it.
When I saw what you picked this week, I was like, didn't we talk about that recently?
We talked about it, but I've never picked it before.
Yeah, no, no. I, then I was like...
And every time I look at this game, it makes me think of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Because they were playing this in the warehouse. Do you remember?
Yes. Yes, I do. I do.
And so because you finally listened to the chat room, this means that you finally picked Halo as your Classic Game of the Week, right?
No.
Alright. Then what is the Classic Game of the Week?
NARC.
So, yeah, NARC is the Classic Game of the Week. It came out in 1988.
And it was designed by Eugene Jarvis for Williams Electronics, programmed by George Petro.
And it is one of the first ultra-violent video games.
And it was also one of the first games that really got the parental backlash.
Basically, the point of the game was to arrest and kill drug offenders, confiscate their money and drugs, defeat Mr. Big.
And it was the newly reborn Williams Electronics coin-op division after they were acquired by Midway.
So, NARC also did see a few ports.
The NES port was done by Rare in 1990. And then it was relaunched in 2005.
So, basically, you play as two characters, one of two characters, Hitman or Max Force, who got a memo from the Narcotics Opposition Chairman,
who sends them off on Project NARC so they can capture Mr. Big.
Big underground drug trafficking and terrorist.
So, basically, you go around and you shoot or arrest junkies, drug dealers, crime leaders, that type of thing.
They have an automatic weapon and a missile launcher.
Because, I mean, maybe it's prophetic, you know, now having a very militarized police force, you know.
NARC solved the future, apparently.
So, some enemies will surrender and then they will float away into the air with the word busted over them.
And you get a tally of how much you've confiscated in drugs and money every time an enemy is killed.
And when an enemy is killed, well, at least with the missile launcher, they explode into, like, bloody arms and legs and fire and stuff.
The game has a medium resolution monitor, which was higher than TVs and normal arcade monitors at the time, but in a smaller size.
And it also is the first arcade game that used the TMS-34010, which is a 32-bit processor for graphics.
As far as the many, many other versions of this, there was the ZX Spectrum, the Amstrad CPC, there was, what else was on this?
In 1990, there was a NES version of NARC published by Acclaim and developed by Rare.
And it was, quote, the first video game with a strong anti-drug message.
It was also crap. Sorry.
But Nintendo actually forced all the drug references to be removed.
So, yeah.
This game is so anti-drug, we removed all the drugs.
Exactly.
It did retain most of the gore and the violent aspects of it.
And it also was really handicapped by the NES controller because the arcade version had four buttons.
You could still jump and shoot missiles.
Acclaim also did a NARC LCD game.
Like, why bother?
In the 2004 Midway Arcade Treasures 2 had an emulated version of the arcade games.
But, like, the sound would drift out and there were some glitches in the game.
And it would cause a stage to end suddenly and go to the tally screen just because of how bad the emulation was.
And then in 2005, there was a relaunch of the game.
And that was an updated version for Xbox, PC, and PS2.
And there was a GameCube version that had been announced but was cancelled.
It had voice acting in this particular one.
It had Michael Madsen, Bill Bellamy, Ron Parleman.
A pretty nice soundtrack. It included Curtis Mayfield, Cypress Hill, Grandmaster Flash, and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
A few indie artists as well.
Sorry, I forgot about the car sequences in this game. It was hilarious.
Just running over people with a car, backing over them.
Well, here's the other thing too. And this was kind of a controversy in the newer versions.
Is that after you confiscated the stock from the drug dealers, you could either take it to the evidence room or keep it for future use.
Like, do you have better weapons accuracy by using the drugs?
So, it was just bad.
It was no longer teaching people that drugs are bad. It was teaching, oh, there could be positive effects too, though.
Yeah, take this thief. Take this cocaine and you won't care.
So, yeah, no. That was it. That was NARC.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
Which, I don't know. I kind of always thought it was kind of crap.
But, NARC. But, I also understand this was kind of like a big game of childhood.
Sometimes these picks are not necessarily just about, oh, these are all good games, but they're important games.
NARC was pretty fun.
For me, I was always like, but it was also, I thought it was dumb, but it was that type of game because it was so over the top.
If a pizza parlor had it, you still ended up putting a quarter in it.
You want to know what, though? The person behind the whole Say No to Drugs campaign is dead.
No, Nancy Reagan.
I know. I'm just like, wow, she didn't waste any time.
Is that why you picked NARC today?
Not really, but it was sort of ironic that I picked NARC.
I know.
Even though, you know.
It is ironic.
The First Lady of Taxpayer Dollar Wasting is dead, so.
Bond's 006 in chat says, wow, dark.
I was like, this show just took a dark turn.
Maybe it was dark because there's a capital D on that.
It's maybe referring to dark sacra.
Could be, could be.
All right, we're going to take a break.
We're going to, I don't know, we're going to read the Bible and pet some kitties and.
You can read the Bible.
Go look at a rainbow during the break.
I'm going to look at this part and go, nope, that's wrong, nope, that's wrong, nope, that's wrong, nope, that's wrong.
We're going to take a break, and when we come back, we'll get into some rapid fire news, as well as the Fookle Question of the Week.
And some more news stories and, of course, your emails and FUs of the Week.
And Skype Line 1877 GameOLR, her username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, Rama in chat says, dark sacras, dank memes.
Coming up after the break.
I don't see what I said was so bad.
I was just tying things into what's going on in the real world.
Seriously.
It's fine.
All right.
And I didn't know that she had died when she, when I picked the game.
I picked it like last night when I came back from San Francisco eating my strawberry cheesecake Kit Kats that I got in Japan town.
Did you bring me Kit Kats?
No.
I might have eaten them all.
When we come back, dark sacra may or may not be here.
All right.
We'll be back.
We'll be back after this quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio live with our 633rd episode in progress, March the 6th of 2016.
Fun show so far tonight.
We've had Loki hating on literally everything.
My name is Thad earlier in the show.
But we're going to get to some more news as we move on throughout the night.
And, of course, your call is coming up in a little bit.
At Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Add us if you haven't already so that you can get through tonight.
Let's go to some rapid fire news, some quick news tonight.
Loki.
All right.
So this is kind of cool.
I haven't actually seen a new update for Minecraft recently.
But they're adding some big changes to the combat in the game.
So now with each weapon that you have, instead of just being able to slash like crazy, you actually do have different techniques you can do.
So swords now you can do sweep attacks.
Axes have a crushing attack.
Also there's some cool down between swings as well.
They've got, they added shields to the game.
Also a new type of like chest plate that you can have that you can actually glide from higher places, which is kind of cool.
And a new mob, which is the Shulker.
And some new blocks and additional enchantments and stuff.
Guys, you know in chat says they fuck Minecraft up with that shit.
Is that everywhere or is it only PC?
Yeah, this is the PC one right now.
And eventually it's going to be up to you with everything else.
Interesting.
I don't know. I'm willing to check it out.
I mean, we'll see.
I mean, if you don't like it, I'm sure there's mods to change it back to the way it was.
So, I don't know.
Also, Melior Solid, they had a fan remake that was being worked on called Project Shadow Moses.
It has been cancelled.
And apparently, you know, this is coming from the Shadow Moses Project Facebook page.
Basically saying, hey guys, we have an important announcement to make today.
We have cancelled the Shadow Moses Project for reasons beyond our control.
Sounds like a cease and desist.
We would like to thank everyone for the tremendous support we have received from the Shadow Moses team.
So, yeah, that sounds like a cease and desist to me.
I'm going to assume that was Konami.
Fuck Konami.
That sounds like Konami.
Yeah.
And last but not least, there is not going to be VR for the Xbox One.
Which makes sense because which platform would actually be on it?
You know, they're not going to support probably Oculus.
And they've got their own, you know, shit that they're doing with HoloLens, so I'm not surprised.
But, you know, we're not really focusing on adding a VR device to the Xbox One right now.
Now, of course, they may change their mind if VR really takes off, you know, kind of a me too thing like they did with the Kinect.
But we'll see.
The Kinect was integral to the Xbox.
Totally integral.
I believe that one.
It was integral to their sales plan.
Whatever happened to being able to scan the thing and then actually move it into the world?
That never happened, but you were supposed to be able to do it with Kinect 2.0 or whatever it was for the Xbox One and then that still didn't happen.
So, you know, fuck it.
All right. Let's move on to some other news.
How about Super Meat Boy coming to the Wii U?
Which, you know, God, this game is still going all these years later showing up on new platforms.
But if you've never played it, it is a fun yet frustrating little platformer.
So Super Meat Boy is coming to the Wii U.
This is from Team Meat.
They retweeted a tweet by Tommy Refens who is one of the developers of the game.
So the Wii U port of the game is being handled by Blitworks and it'll be available in the coming months.
My assumption is that it's going to have the new soundtrack like the PlayStation 4 version did because of the issues they had had with the former composer and of the 360 version.
Which, in my personal opinion, the old soundtrack was way better.
Sorry. And I know there's some talented people on the new one.
I just, the old one, it changed too much for me.
Hey, if you're like really good at Rocket League, like really, really good at Rocket League, then maybe you should consider joining up with the Rocket League Championship Series which is going to have a $75,000 prize pool.
You want to get paid $75,000 for playing Rocket League?
Well, you have to be good at it.
But competitors can register in March in groups of three to enter the qualifiers for the inaugural season.
You must play these matches on PC or PlayStation 4 although they are looking at opening up more platforms in the future.
So yeah, those qualifiers will be available.
And it's a partnership with Twitch so you know a lot of this is going to be streamed live for everybody to watch.
You can look at twitch.tv slash rocket league for more details.
And if you happen to be the one that wins the $75,000, don't forget about your friends here at OLR.
Super Mario Maker, we talked a little bit about some of the changes coming to the game.
But you know what? Those changes are not going to affect you if you are a dirty stinking cheater because you will be blocked.
We'll ban you.
That's right. There was some information that was posted on Miiverse saying,
Hey, here's an update for the Mario Maker team.
Users may be restricted from connecting to Course World in the following cases.
The user requested stars from other users.
So don't be begging for stars.
And I'm assuming you can't go on Fiverr and get the stars that way either.
Do you like how I tied that together?
The user took advantage of bugs that were unintended by either the course creator or the developers to obtain new world records.
That sounds like a really big gray area to me, though.
I'm assuming this is about that bug we talked about a couple weeks ago that Nintendo had to squash eventually.
Because I'm like, OK, well, if you exploit some bad course design, you shouldn't be punished for that.
But if you inject items that aren't supposed to be in the level into the level like that bug a couple weeks ago, well, then, yeah, that's cheating.
I think that that kind of actually would be detrimental to people who eventually speed run these games.
That's a good point.
And then the other behavior is in violation of the Nintendo Network code of conduct.
So I'm assuming if you just make a level and the level just has a bunch of bricks that spell out cunt, you're going to get banned from the Nintendo Network.
But hilariously, maybe not.
So, yeah, don't do stupid things online or you might get banned.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, can you beg for stars on your podcast?
I don't know. Can you? I don't know the way it says you can't beg other users.
So maybe Bobby, you might get banned. I don't know what to tell you.
Can you beg for stars?
Can I can I just say for your consideration? I would I would love some stars, please.
Maybe that would be different. I don't know. All right.
And Act F says, I think one of my levels does ask for stars in its title.
Well, you better be talking about invincibility power ups or you might be in trouble.
Go change it. All right. Let's move on to our Sakura.
There is a new partnership. It's between Feminist Frequency and Crash Override Network.
They are now partners. Feminist Frequency is the nonprofit that's run by tropes versus women in video games.
Producer Anita Sarkeesian and now saying that the group is a fiscal sponsor of Zoe Quinn's Crash Override Network.
So, yeah, he's in the pot. Well, I'd say.
Strength in numbers. Also, there's actually hope for any dark suckers.
Capcom wasn't too happy with their experience with the attempted revival,
but Yoshinori Ono is saying that he is working hard or striving hard to make that happen.
So not a confirmation, but not a denial.
And then last but not least, Mass Effect Andromeda has been moved away from late 2016 to early 2017.
I would rather that they make it later than sooner and have it be complete without having to patch the ending and stuff like that.
I know it's one of those things where it's like, yes, that's what they have to do to make it better.
I support it, but I don't like it. I'm smiling. Really, I am.
That's how I feel about it. It's like, well, I mean, the Lord is testing me.
Does Rob really mean it when he says delay the game if it'll make it better? I know a way to test him.
Think of how great F-Zero is gonna be. Fuck off.
That was below the belt. Alright, I'm hoping the game will be plenty fine and if they have to take the extra time.
Like Dark Sakura said, if that's the time they have to take to make sure it doesn't have bugs and the ending's all good, then whatever.
Alright, speaking of Dark Sakura, I know you have to go with the whole work arrangements and all that stuff, so you are bowing out.
I am.
So would you like to give any final thoughts to our listeners tonight?
Not that I want to go political on things.
Oh, Lord.
But if you want a particular candidate to win and you don't show up to vote, you're part of the problem.
You should vote. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that.
So everyone should vote.
Yep.
I think voting should be compulsory, but...
I don't know if I go that far, but I think you should vote or you don't get to complain about it.
Yeah.
No. Alright.
Voting unless you're underage.
That should be the compulsory thing. There are no complaints allowed if you didn't vote.
Yeah. And by the way, YYR, I did peek through the mailbag a little bit, but real life.
Yep.
It must intrude.
That's okay. I'll do emails.
Rob, you need to do them in Mr. Spanky's voice.
No.
Which is why I'm glad I won't be here.
I value my voice and I can't talk like that.
So what would Betty sound like, by the way?
What would what?
Betty sound like.
Betty?
Betty.
Mr. Spanky.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, was that her?
God, it's been so long.
Wasn't her name Betty?
Was her name Betty?
Is Mr. Spanky and...
And Betty.
I thought she was Betty.
Was it Betty?
That seems so plain.
I know, but it's also...
For his little Dom friend.
Somebody in chat has to know.
Well, Dark Tatsuya says it was probably that.
I'm going to look it up before I leave.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, we're going to move on with the foogle question of the week.
Let's get to it.
Every week you guys answer a question we put up on Facebook and Google and you throw those
words together and you get foogle.
Yes, it was Spanky.
I mean, Betty.
It was Betty.
Betty.
Okay.
DDRPC for those who have no idea what we're talking about right now.
Characters that run DDRPC.
This is literally a 15 year old joke.
As you know, our show isn't 15 yet, but it's close.
It's close.
Alright, let's get to the foogle question of the week.
You know, I have to admit, I couldn't really find anything topical tonight I really want
to ask about.
So I thought, let's just dip into like a general question.
Something I've been wanting to ask the listeners just because I want to just talk about games
randomly with you guys.
So this week we asked, what do you think about racing games?
I love racing games.
Dark Soccer's husband really loves racing games.
I know that.
Uh, Loki likes racing games.
They're pretty good.
Pretty good.
Uh, so we want to know, do you enjoy racing games?
Do you have a favorite game or series?
Do you find there are certain types of racing games you prefer more than others and why?
And by the way, I had no idea that Loki was going to be a dick about the F-Zero thing
before I asked this question, but I'm glad he did because it kind of tied it together.
Kind of tied it together.
All right, let's get to it.
Some of the answers over on Facebook, starting with Andy R saying, I'm not huge on racing
games.
Uh, especially sim ones.
Arcade ones I enjoy time to time.
Kart racers are probably my favorite of the kinds of racing games.
Uh, Fabrice A says, I've always been into racing games.
The Outrun series being my absolute favorite.
I still consider Outrun the best game ever.
Metropolis Street Racing is a decent second.
Perfect blend between arcade and simulation.
Sega Rally coming in a nice third place for excellent playability.
Crazy Taxi is just plain fun.
Tiger Claw says, I enjoy racing games, but never been particularly good at them.
As for my favorite racing game series, I would have to go with the Mario Kart series.
It's the kind of racing games casual players will enjoy for hours.
It's not too complex like those other racing games that are more like racing simulators.
You can just pick up and play.
There's hardly any learning curve.
Retertainment says, there are few things better than just being on the edge of being,
or excuse me, than being just on the edge of being in control while taking a curve at 175 miles an hour.
Even if you only experience that in digital reality.
While I do adore games like Forza and Gran Turismo, I wish the games had a different career structure.
Something like NASCAR or IRL, but for top flight sports cars.
Perhaps I'm just angling to see a Heineken sponsored Bugatti, but still that would be so cool.
Guillermo R says, I'm a sucker for a good arcade style racer, especially if it's futuristic.
The Wipeout series is the long standing favorite by which I judge all others, and I'll always have a soft spot for the original F-Zero.
Dark Tetsuya says, I do love me some racing games, including Wangan Midnight.
It's all about Yuzo Koshiro's epic soundtrack.
Truth, I agree.
Sega, basically anything from Daytona to Outrun, two is awesome.
Super GT or Initial D, you can't go wrong.
Need for Speed, I think Carbon is my favorite of that series, because in addition to racing your cars, you can customize them with different parts, decals, and paint jobs.
It's a lot of fun.
Winston H says, I don't really play too many racing games, but if you have the racing wheel, I found the Gran Turismo series to be enjoyable.
That's only if you have the wheel.
Jordan T says, I was 15 when Fast and Furious the movie came out, which was cashing in on the huge modding underground culture.
Because of this, I've really enjoyed the games with a heavy emphasis on car modification and upgrades, while still keeping a bit of the arcade feel to them.
Midnight Club was my favorite, with Need for Speed Underground coming in close second.
Games with a heavy simulator focus seemed to translate poorly for me without a high-end wheel setup, and cart novelty racers never really hit home.
As a biker, I'm also still searching for decent motorcycle game.
Suggestions?
Find a Suzuka 8-hour.
Road Rash?
Just kidding.
I did want to add my two cents on that before I leave.
Nothing beats R4.
R4 is the best of the Ridge Racer series, without a doubt.
I don't believe it at that.
I'm surprised nobody's brought up Ridge Racer yet, but we'll see. I've still got some more answers to go.
YYR in chat says, Super Hang On is the suggestion there for motorcycle games.
YYR saying R4 is the worst.
Uh oh, uh oh.
You better be glad she's on her way out.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's for horses.
Bite my butt.
And s2100man on Facebook says, Maybe it's the simplicity of this, but I've always been a fan of the arcade-style racing games.
Realistic car games like Gran Turismo or Forza have never really held my interest.
In the arcade, I would pour quarters into Initial D and even earlier.
Daytona, USA.
Early on with consoles, I fell in love with the Kart Racers, Mario Kart and Sonic All-Stars, and Burnout games.
And Rageinator says, Yeah, I enjoy racing games.
I flip-flop between Sims and arcade-style racing depending on what kind of mood I'm in.
One series that I tend to like is the FlatOut series.
I also enjoy Burnout Paradise still, as well as the Need for Speed series.
And then over on Google+, we have ActDeaf saying, I love racing games a lot.
I don't have a particular taste in racing games. I like to play them all.
From Mario Kart to Gran Turismo.
Though if I have a particular series as a favorite, it would probably be a tie between Forza and the Dirt or Colin McRae Rally series.
And lastly, Prince Peach Fuzz says, I do enjoy racing games.
Burnout 3 is one of my favorites. I prefer arcade-style to simulation.
Nothing like boosting around corners, taking out opponents.
Favorite racing game for you, Loki? You a big racing game fan?
I'm trying to think.
I liked R4, but I'm trying to think what my favorite game would be.
Well, mine is easy and only like one person even half-referred to it.
F-Zero G-X-A-X. Thank you very much.
Man, that was so...
Especially for Nintendo at the time, to have to take your memory card to the arcade to get those extra tracks.
Ah, yes. Burnout Paradise would be pretty good, too.
Burnout Paradise was pretty good.
Man, they really need to do a new one. Forza Horizon, I think, is pretty good.
Forza Horizon is a great series. I like the arcade racer as well.
I always thought Blur was a little bit underrated.
I'm really sad that that didn't work out.
Anyway, thank you guys for the answers. Appreciate it.
And I thought we had it on the show roll, but now that I'm looking at it again, I don't see it.
But part of the reason I thought about it this week was because...
The Forza 6.
The Forza 6. Or the Forza that's going to be free on Windows 10.
Yeah.
Alright, anyhow. Moving on.
Loki, how about some more news?
Yeah, I would never be able to run Forza 6 on my system.
So we talked a little bit about PlayStation TV and how it was being discontinued in Japan.
Well...
Well, it's also being discontinued in North America and Europe.
So...
Not even it is being discontinued. It was discontinued at the end of 2015.
So, yeah.
They're not supporting that anymore, unfortunately.
On top of that, another system that they're not supporting, which is also able to emulate games better than the 3DS...
The PlayStation Portable is having its PlayStation Store shut down as well.
So you won't be able to download past purchases.
Or, no, you will still be able to download past purchases.
Good. I was going to say, that sucks.
Yeah, you just won't be able to use the sort of pay for new games.
I'm wondering if you can still do that through...
Oh, you can still purchase games through the PlayStation 3 to transfer them over or through the web.
Oh, interesting.
So you can do it that way as well.
That's kind of weird that they have to shut down the PSP Store, even though they're really still going to kind of be allowing you to buy stuff for it. That's weird.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I'm kind of cool with it and stuff, but...
I guess that's one way to do it, though, is that if they have to shut the store down, at least you can still get your purchases through a console.
Might be a way to do it.
Yeah, it's able to play PlayStation 1 games, which are probably more processor and graphically intensive than Super Nintendo games.
Alright, here we go. Here we go. Let it go.
It's just so impossible for, you know...
Can we talk about the PlayStation TV discontinuation, though? I mean, I guess it's not that surprising.
I'm kind of disappointed with that. I thought they could have done a lot more with it, but they didn't.
It's kind of like, I don't know, they put it out there and it's like, okay, well, that's it. There was no marketing behind it. There was no nothing.
It was just kind of like, you know, they've been trying to tell, oh, the Vita, it's kind of a good accessory for the PlayStation 4.
It just never happened. It didn't work out.
I feel like maybe they just don't want to saturate the market. They just want people to own a PlayStation 4.
Like, why would they be pushing the cheaper TV that does some of the stuff the PlayStation 4 does? Why not just get people to buy the PlayStation 4?
I feel like that's what it really is.
Because they were, you know, to sell more Vita titles, I think.
I mean, because they were putting out, you know, no one was buying the Vita, and they're not making anything really off the hardware.
So if it gets you onto the platform for $30, you know, you might make some money off the software.
And again, they're not supporting the Vita as far as first-party Vita titles either. So, I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat is reading you a little bit, Loki, saying, the PSP and the Super Nintendo have completely different chipsets.
You would think Tech Master would understand that.
Yes, I completely understand it, as does the 3DS have a completely different chipset as well.
You know, my old fucking 2.0 Android phone could probably emulate the Super Nintendo, yet this complicated piece of hardware, the 3DS, just can't fucking do it.
Stop. Stop it. Can't handle it.
What I'm saying is, my point is that they could do it if they put the effort into it, but they don't want to do it because it's not going to be much of a return on it. That's the issue.
Moving on. Stop, stop, stop. Moving on. Hey, PlayStation 4 update. I'm excited for a new update to the PlayStation 4 because it sounds like a kind of neat feature.
I want this so bad.
It is in beta right now, but not this feature. So the 3.5 update is in beta, but not this feature. What is that feature? It is remote play.
Basically, the fact that you can stream PlayStation 4 to your PC or your Mac. So this is an interesting... I kind of assumed this would never happen from Sony, and this would always be something that was kind of exclusive to Xbox One, but this is an interesting little...
I'm going to totally use the crap out of this. I mean, because now I...
Oh yeah, because now the life...
Because my wife watches the TV and like the Do It Now...
You watch Grey's Anatomy and you can play whatever.
Well, she doesn't know.
Whatever.
Whatever she's watching.
Whatever Shonda wrote this week.
But she watches TV and like I'm stuck. If I want to do it, I have to try doing it through the PlayStation TV and through my USB.
Oh, I have a USB second monitor, which actually doesn't work with that. So I'd have to set up a second monitor to do it and it's a pain in the ass.
So this would be perfect because I have my laptop anyways in the living room.
Hey, want to play SM Fallout? She wants to play Netflix? Cool. I'm just going to stream Fallout 4.
I'm down with that. I'm totally down with that.
Some other features besides this, which is obviously the big highlight, but you can also appear offline.
So you can kind of do that whole fake offline thing, which I actually think will be useful because sometimes I get game invites when I'm trying to marathon Fuller House on Netflix.
So, you know, I don't necessarily want to, I don't want to be disturbed from my touching family moment scenes in Fuller House.
So, which by the way, I'm like through episode seven now. Did you finish the series yet?
Yeah, we're done.
I missed the last episode. She watched it without me, but meh.
Yeah, we can watch it with everyone on Netflix. Are you happy that it's coming back for season two?
It was all right. I mean, I don't know.
She's trying to figure out something else to watch now. What I kind of want more of is Black Mirror because that was a fucking amazing series. Have you watched that yet?
I haven't.
You need to watch it. It's pretty amazing. They're like little short stories. Think of it like Twilight Zone for like tech Twilight Zone, if you will.
How long is it? Because one thing I like about Fuller House is that it's like 30 minutes.
They're like 45 minute long movies. It's not very long. It's pretty good, but like each one has like a twist in it that's really fucked. I thought they were pretty fucked up, but it's awesome. It's like you don't really see it coming and you're just like, that's pretty cool.
You can also schedule playtime with friends. So, you can actually arrange like, oh, we're going to play Rocket League or whatever at this particular time. That's pretty cool.
And then lastly, now Dailymotion is another site you can stream to, including Twitch and YouTube. And I think Ustream is still an option as well, but Dailymotion is joining the group. So, those are all new features coming to PlayStation.
All right, moving on. We just have a few more stories for you guys than the mailbag. I guess Dark Soccer was going to do this one, but do you want me to do this? I guess I'll take it. Why not?
Which one? This one?
The Sega survey?
Sega survey to help out to make better games? Let's see, it's the first question. Should Sonic have more friends? That should be no. Please answer that no.
All right, look. Sega put out a survey to give them feedback to enable them to make games that you want to see. So, you can actually access this survey.
I'm doing it right now. What is my age?
Okay, what is my age? 69.
69, yes.
We'd like to learn more about our players. Oh my god, which of the following devices have you ever owned? Do you see how huge this list is?
I've only owned a PlayStation 4.
You can mark off a Commodore 64, and that's the only one I'm going to mark off. I only ever owned a Commodore 64 because I'm 69 years old.
I've only owned a, whatever the SG-1000 is, is what I've owned.
All right, it's too much. The next question I got to was, what are the top three games you're playing? And I was about to put in Not Fantasy Star Online 2.
I'm going to put Not Fantasy Star Online 2.
I'm bitter.
No.
All right, let's move on to another story, Loki.
All right, anyways.
So, apparently the head of Epic is not too happy with Microsoft's new stance with the Universal Windows Platform Initiative.
Basically saying that this is like a closed platform on PC, like they're basically trying to lock down PC like they are kind of with consoles, I guess.
So, what they're doing with this, basically saying that, they're not questioning the idea of having a Windows store, but it's the fact that in order to be able to put stuff on, they have, I guess, giving control to Microsoft.
There's no way to have an app that's a Universal Windows Platform app, but being able to, say, download that other places, you can't offer that.
You're thinking how you have games on Steam and stuff, and there's multiple different platforms you can purchase those on.
You can't offer those anywhere else.
It has to only be on these platforms or the certain version of the game in order to gain support for it.
Plus, it seems like they're locking it down a little bit, but one of the things that they brought up also that because of this, you can't obviously have those other marketplaces.
Also, there's not a lot of third-party support already on the Windows Store.
I mean, you're not seeing a lot of major games that are on there.
It's just, I think the idea of the platform is an interesting idea, and I get where they're trying to do with it because they're basically saying, hey, you purchased this game on, say, Windows 10.
You're going to get it on your Xbox.
You're going to get it on your Windows Phone or whatever other platforms.
Granted that those are completely fucking different hardware platforms that are going to have different capabilities as far as running these apps, but you can have it tied in with everything.
It's a neat idea, but I don't know how it's going to be implemented.
And if that means that they're going to lock it down for developers being able to only put out things on this certain platform, that kind of sucks.
Hasn't Microsoft kind of gotten in trouble for antitrust things in the past?
Yeah, they did with their whole internet browser and stuff.
With the whole Internet Explorer, wasn't that a big deal not that long ago?
I don't know why, but this just feels like we're going down a similar path, doesn't it?
Sort of. And the other thing, too, they're saying that one thing with this platform is it's not open source.
Games might not run as well on their operating system that are not a part of this platform.
They could lock out, say, hypothetically, DirectX 12 support or whatever it could be.
Or 13, and let's say in the future could be only games that are part of this platform or have this sort of API can use fully utilize this hardware, whatever the case may be.
I mean, that might be a fear, but I don't know.
Personally, I'm just not interested in purchasing stuff from the Windows Store.
So, plus since I don't really have any other Microsoft devices, it's kind of a non-issue for me right now.
But, I mean, when I do purchase an Xbox, eventually, I guess I might be interested in that kind of stuff.
But they haven't really shown what's going to be kind of, what am I going to be using these universal apps for?
I mean, it's kind of neat that you have, I guess, Skype on all of them.
But, I mean, that's just like sharing an account.
I don't understand really how this is going to kind of work with each other.
How's it going to work with the Windows phones?
Who the fuck's going to have a Windows phone for one?
I mean, no one really owns a Windows phone, nor do they have interest in doing that.
I just don't see that happening, but I don't know how it's going to play with PC and my console.
How are they going to talk together?
How are these apps?
Why do I need this platform?
Why do I need these tied together?
What is this going to do for me as a consumer?
Yeah.
I'm reading some of the comments in chat, because obviously this is lighting chat up a little bit here.
Bobby Blackwolf has a lot to say on this over at live.vognetwork.com, saying,
The UWP is a great idea. The problem is limiting features only to the Windows 10 store,
which is the path they seem to want to go down.
But they changed their mind with the Xbox One feature set,
so maybe they will change their mind on this too if people like Tim Sweeney yell out enough.
That's true. We've seen Microsoft do a little dance around stuff before.
Kaijuto in chat says, Microsoft needs to just get out of the video game biz.
Enough with their shit.
That might be a little strong for me.
Well, here's the other thing too.
Let's just say, hypothetically, because I haven't really downloaded that much stuff on the Windows store,
aside from the Twitter app and fucking Minecraft, because it's free.
If they do their updates, like they do with Windows 10, where basically,
hey, we're going to fucking update your shit, whether you want us to or not.
You're going to bend over. It's happening.
If that's the way they're going to do it, especially with some PC titles,
not saying that everything on the store is going to be perfect,
some PC updates can really fuck shit up.
It doesn't seem to be a way to roll that shit back, like they do at least with Steam sometimes.
In other platforms, they can patch that.
If you're locking everything down in this marketplace,
what's that going to do as far as modding support and that kind of thing?
I don't know. I just don't like it.
I mean, Windows Store didn't work for the...
The whole Windows Store... Not even Windows Store. What was the fucking web...
Not Xbox Live. It was the...
What was their fucking... Yeah, maybe it was the Windows Store that I was thinking of.
The original Windows Store. That did not fuck and work very well to begin with.
Windows Live, I think that's what it was.
Games for Windows Live?
Games for Windows Live. Thank you. That's what I was thinking.
You're welcome.
Yes, Games for Windows Live did not fucking work out very well. It was just a piece of shit.
And this is kind of... It's a little bit better, but it's kind of going down that path of shittiness.
Well, let's wait and see what happens.
But I can't go the whole thing where Microsoft should just stop.
Because, yes, they've made some bad choices sometimes,
like the Xbox One initial reveal, which we've talked about before.
But, I mean, Microsoft also transformed gaming with Xbox Live.
That was Microsoft. Microsoft did that.
So you can't say that they don't do anything good.
But I just... Let's see what develops with this.
I think Bobby is on to that.
If enough people kind of speak up and say,
you're going to have a problem, then Microsoft will probably shift course before it becomes too much of a problem.
But we'll see what happens. We'll see.
I hope so.
Alright. Let's move on.
This is interesting. I did not even know that something like this was coming.
That there is a spiritual successor to Myst in the making.
And that game is called Abduction.
Not like being kidnapped, but it's OBduction. Abduction.
It's the spiritual successor to Myst.
This is after a Kickstarter that happened a few years ago.
But this is about to come out.
And there's a trailer out there if you want to take a look at what this looks like.
It is set for a June 2016 release on PC and Mac.
So if you guys are excited about this, I might have to check this out.
Because I remember the old school Myst game.
But you can also, in this game, choose to have full gamer control or simplify with a simple click of the mouse.
So in other words, it sounds like you're going to be able to go between classic Myst,
where you clicked forward and it would jump a screen,
or real Myst, where you could freely move around.
So this would be very interesting.
And VXJ6V says, OLR has covered Abduction before.
Yeah, well, you know, when we've been around for 14 years,
I imagine we talked about this Kickstarter when it first launched.
But it is nice to see that it is actually coming out.
Because unfortunately, we've had some bad news Kickstarter.
So there was the Ant Simulator thing a couple weeks ago, right?
So it's nice to be able to say, hey, some of them work out too,
and this game looks like it might be kind of rad.
Well, speaking of simulator games, Bear Simulator was another one that we were talking about the other day,
that was on Steam's page.
They had a Kickstarter as well, and the game did come out in early access.
But the guy's going to put out one patch and then he's done.
He's like, I can't make this any better, and I'm done working on this.
So they're not going to fill some of the stretch goals that they did either.
At least you got a game, I guess.
Something.
All right.
Let's get to, I guess we're going to do the mailbag now.
It's about that time.
Let's open it up.
Every week, you guys email us at participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
And we choose some of our favorite emails and read them here on the show.
And sorry, I'm opening up the mail.
Usually, Dar Sakura does this, but since she left, I'm opening it up right now.
And I will say, we got a ton of email this week,
so I am going to have to abbreviate some of this this week for time.
So I'm going to kind of touch on just a few of these.
Some of these I'll read in full, but some of these I'm going to abbreviate a little bit here.
So I want to get to one email here from DDR Mike, who still listens to this show.
Go figure.
What's up, DDR Mike?
Well, DDR Mike sent a very long email about the whole Digimon and Pokemon thing,
because remember that came up last week, like what came out first?
Yeah.
So basically kind of went into, and again, just for time's sake,
I'm not going to get into the whole detailed bullet list here,
but it has to do with that for most people, Digimon's introduction was the anime Digimon Adventure,
which aired in the States in August 1999.
But he's saying that the Digimon virtual pet was June 26.
That's my birthday, 1997 in Japan, so that technically it was a little bit before.
But anyway, and then it gets into all this other stuff.
But with all due respect, DDR Mike, I let Jamie read it,
and unfortunately she's not here to tell you what she thought.
But I think it's kind of one of those things where it's probably something like what happened
where there's DDR and then there's Pump It Up,
and they were kind of both made around the same time,
probably because the same designer sold his idea to two different companies in two different places.
But, you know, we got what we got.
Anyway, let's get to another email here.
We're going to get to an email from EA Skizie, who we haven't heard from in a while,
saying, what's up, Orange Launch? I haven't written to you guys in a while, and I feel bad about it.
It's okay. Sometimes you can't email us every week, and we understand.
Anyways, I hope things are going well for you guys.
How is Loki's game coming?
Well, okay. No, I did sort of work on it.
Basically, I have stopped working on It's Time to Car for now.
I went back to my original project that I actually was working on prior to that,
and one of the things I'm doing now is researching because it's basically like it has a voxel element to it.
It's not like a Minecraft game or anything like that, but there is a voxel element to it.
And so I am researching right now the ways to optimize like a voxel engine
because I've rewritten it a couple times already, and so now I'm just trying to figure out how I can optimize it further
and how to make it work a little bit better, and also it may run better in Unity 5.
I've got to update everything because my code's from Unity 4.
So that's what I've been working on right now is going back to that old project because it was one...
I was even thinking of starting up a completely separate project whatsoever and starting new.
I had a gimmick that would be kind of interesting, but I just didn't want to...
I didn't know how to go with it beyond that, and so this one I have more developed on it.
I have more of a story developed for it and ideas, and so I'm just going to kind of go back to it
because that's the one I really started with and one I've been kind of going back to.
The It's Time to Car thing will come at some point.
I wanted to do so much with it, and I just don't have the time, and I don't want to put out something that's half-finished.
It's just not... The gameplay wasn't where I wanted it to be, and that's kind of the main point.
I needed to kind of focus on gameplay first other than... I don't know.
I just kind of got it lost, what I wanted to do with it.
He's a perfectionist.
I'm not a perfectionist, but it just wasn't... The controls are all kind of weird, and it just didn't feel right.
It didn't play like I wanted it to, so I'm going to start over or do something different with that.
Skeezy also wants to know if we threw a party for just the Orange Sounds Radio crew and me, what kinds of...
Because we're not inviting anybody else. It's just going to be the four of us.
What kind of drinks would we make all night? I'm very curious what you'd mess me up with.
This question might be going to a very weird place, but we'll entertain it anyway.
What drinks would we be having at the OLR party?
I'm going to guess that Loki would make screwdrivers, but that's just my guess.
That's pretty much what I drink, yeah.
There it is.
Here's the thing. I could go to two different extremes, Skeezy.
You know we love the wine here at Orange Sounds Radio, so I have a feeling it would be wine.
Especially if Shane's coming over, it's definitely going to be wine.
But if we just want to get, like, fucked up, then we'll go downtown to one of the places I know down there,
and we'll get a drink called an adios motherfucker, which is kind of like a Long Island iced tea, but it's blue.
So that's, you know, it just depends. Which extreme are we going for here?
Are we just sipping, or are we going to just say goodbye?
Dar Tetsuya in chat says, how about a warp core breach?
I could go for that. I miss the Star Trek experience. Very sad.
And Brad from Pod Culture says, fuck that, fireball.
Hey, fireball's pretty good.
Hey, you know what, though? Skeezy, if you do want to just watch some of VOG drink, it's not really OLR,
because sadly Loki and Dark Sock are yet to go to this con,
but if you want to come and drink with myself and Bobby Blackwolf and Jon from Critical Myth,
and hopefully Brad from Pod Culture again this year, and some of those, just come to Dragon Con,
because that's actually what will happen there.
And I don't bring the wine to Dragon Con. Fireball, that'll be Dragon Con.
All right. Let's get to some more emails here.
I want to go to this one. We had a lot of emails about Street Fighter V,
and so I want to read this one from AZHP, who said,
I just want to weigh in on the debate that happened on last week's episode,
where people were debating whether or not it's okay to release an incomplete game
with the promise of additional content at no charge on a timeline.
There were three points that were not brought up by either side that I feel should be factored in
when considering whether or not this course of action should be considered acceptable.
The first point is that while this move may be fine for enthusiasts,
who only want the base game and don't care about the frills or need to train for EVO,
or the well-informed consumer who understands that there is a timeline for additional content,
what about the average consumer or newcomer to fighting games who purchases the game at Walmart on launch day,
is confused as to why they spent 60 bucks on the game and brings it back to the store saying,
this game was terrible, I want my money back, and never touches the series again.
You only get one chance to make a first impression, and it seems short-sighted of Capcom
to push out a game that is completely inaccessible with no challenge mode to learn combos,
a bare-bones tutorial, and a terrible story mode just for the sake of its hardcore fans.
The second point is how do you review a game like that?
Game review outlets that need to put out a review of the game when it launches
have no choice but to review the game they're given,
but do they give the game a pass on content that doesn't exist yet?
Do they dock the game points for not having any substance?
If you review the game highly based on promise of content and the content doesn't make it out,
or comes out and is poorly implemented, do you change the review?
If you dock the game points out the gate and it becomes a masterpiece through additional content,
do you change the review?
Most sites have a policy of not altering their review score after the game is out,
meaning that people who seek out reviews for the game a year after release
will see a litany of mediocre reviews based on the outdated version of the game.
And just a quick side note, I kind of agree that if you write a review,
you can't factor in what's supposed to come or what they're promising is coming,
you can't factor that into the review.
You have to evaluate the game as is.
I understand this is why some sites go back and will re-score the game,
but I think what's really appropriate to do in a situation like, let's say, Diablo III
is to maybe re-review the game a year later.
If it's really that big, that necessitates a whole other review.
But I also know sometimes this is done with the expansion,
because not that I think Street Fighter V will get an expansion,
but I think Diablo III, most people re-approached it because,
oh, they're asking for your money again with Reaper of Souls,
and hey, you know what, they did fix a lot of problems.
Or with Final Fantasy XIV, God, the first one was terrible,
but then people re-approached it when the expansion came out
that really fixed everything, made it one of the better MMOs out there.
Anyway, back to ACHP's email.
Finally, what does one do with an offline console?
In Street Fighter V's case, when you get the game for $60,
you can only enter training mode or fight someone locally.
Even when the game eventually receives updates to address the content issues,
are players without internet connections just screwed?
They will never receive those updates.
There should be some sort of warning when you purchase the game
that you need to have an internet connection to receive the entire game.
Do we just go with what Don Mattrick said during the release of the Xbox One?
We have a system for people without internet connections.
It's called the Xbox 360. That's crazy to me.
Sorry for the long email, but I need to get these points off my chest
since I felt last week's discussion lacked some key points
that would add to the discussion.
Well, that is what email is for, so I am fine with that,
except we got a lot of emails on it,
so I'm going to try to do at least a couple more here with time.
Andrew R. saying, not to be that guy, but I do want to point out something.
DarkSoccer made a comment that you have to win 2,000 matches
to unlock a character in Street Fighter V.
While this is true, if you only play online matches,
it's not the only way to get the currency.
As it is right now, you can get more than enough
to buy the first character when he's out
simply by playing the single-player modes that are already in the game.
And by the time the other characters come out,
it seems like there will be more ways to earn in-game currency
like the daily weekly challenges and probably arcade mode story mode.
It'll be a bit of a grind, but not nearly on the level
of having to make it through 2,000 online winch,
which is currently impossible thanks to all the rage quitters.
See, I have to jump in here, though, real quick and say,
that's all fine and good, and that sounds like a real nice plan,
but here we are talking about things that are supposed to be there
but aren't there now, so we can only talk about what's there now.
I know they're promising other stuff, but until it's there, things change.
Anyway, Andrew continues and says,
I'm sure this sounds like I'm defending the game, and I guess I am,
but I did want to address it.
Mechanically, I think Street Fighter V is very solid, and I like it,
but it's definitely annoying how much of the game outside the mechanics
is still waiting on updates.
I certainly don't fault people like Sky who want to wait
until more of the updates are out and the game is cheaper,
but I guess I was just too impatient myself.
And who knows, maybe Capcom will see the outrage
and reward their early adopters.
Ha ha ha, never mind, it's Capcom.
Thank you for the email.
And, you know, these are all fair points to consider,
but just for me, it's one of those things where I can't,
you know, I give Rock Band 4 a hard time for the same thing.
It's like there's all these things that are supposed to be there,
but until they're there, I don't consider it a part of the game.
Let's see, we've got more emails here.
I'm going to get to this one, another Street Fighter V email
from our pal YYR saying,
the Street Fighter V situation is interesting.
I've been saying for years that story modes and fighting games don't matter.
They're like chess or checkers or a backgammon,
games designed to be played by two human players.
You can play those games against a computer,
but that's just not the way they're meant to be played.
For anyone who agrees with this philosophy,
Street Fighter V was absolutely 100% ready to be released and played.
For Capcom to say, we're adding the story mode later
feels similar to an RPG maker saying,
we're adding the side quests later.
I grossly underestimated the number of folks that would be upset
by the lack of single player content.
On one hand, I feel like that's not what the game is for,
but on the other, I fully realize that the features people are asking for,
arcade mode versus CPU, better training, tutorial,
are all things that are present in almost every other fighting game released
over the last decade.
Whether they're essential to the game or not, the precedent was set.
It's unfortunate that the game was released in this state.
The fact of the matter, though, is Capcom wasn't as interested
in the sales numbers as everyone else.
The reason they rushed this to market was the Capcom Pro Tour.
Capcom isn't looking for the revenue from early Street Fighter V buyers
as much as they are the long-term revenue from an increased focus on esports.
Capcom badly wants a chunk of the esports pie,
and Street Fighter V is the game they want that chunk with,
in large part because the competitive scene is tired of Street Fighter IV.
Capcom has set their priorities.
The casual Street Fighter fans are not their priorities anymore.
We can look at the sales numbers and shake our heads,
but in truth, we're not going to know whether this was the success
Capcom wanted until a few years from now.
What worries me more than the initial reception
is actually the steep cost increase of the game over the long run.
Currently, there have been six DLC characters announced.
They can be obtained with a $30 season pass.
They can announce six more characters next year and six more after that.
And for all we know, each set could come with a $30 price tag.
And while they will all be purchasable with in-game currency,
that doesn't help someone who wants to get into the game a few years from now
and is starting from square one.
Rather than being able to buy all DLC included re-release on a disc for $20 to $40,
this new player will be 18 characters behind unless they want to drop $90 right out the gate.
I really feel like, even though Capcom says one thing,
I really feel like you're going to have bundles that are deep discounted on Black Friday.
I think they are going to have a catch-up way,
even though, of course, they don't want to tell you that
because they want people to pay full price up front.
I'll end this with a reply to what Jamie said last week
about Street Fighter V feeling different than previous titles.
This is absolutely by design.
Street Fighter II, III, and IV all felt very different from their predecessors
and used different rules. V is no exception.
We're all starting from scratch.
And by the way, V is pretty fantastic gameplay-wise, at least in my opinion.
Thanks once again for supporting my efforts. I really appreciate it.
Have a great week.
Well, thank you very much for that email.
And yeah, I will say this.
I mean, you know, for at least what little of Street Fighter V I did play during the beta,
it did seem like there was a solid fighter in there.
It's just the whole...
It's kind of like, I don't know, it's like having a cake without any frosting.
I guess it's still kind of good.
But it's not the same. I want the frosting.
No.
If you're going to charge me all that money for a cake, I want the frosting.
All right, anyway.
YYR chat says, but it's so moist.
All right, that's going to do it for emails tonight.
I'm sorry to the emails I didn't get to tonight, but we actually got a lot this week.
But we do always read them all, so please send your emails.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Every week on this show we get a little angsty.
Why? Because...
I guess FU2 just how busy things have been at work.
I don't know.
I haven't been able to mentally focus a lot in game programming.
You know, normally I get a few minutes in between things, but not so much.
But it wasn't so bad on Friday.
Hopefully it just stays the way.
My FU of the week goes to getting up at four in the morning today.
Although, to be fair, I volunteered for that.
So I'm not actually, I'm not like mad that I got up at four because I knew that's what I said I'd do.
I'm mad because I didn't sleep a wink last night at all.
And I don't know if that was the rain or what that was, but like, yeah, I tried to go to bed at 10 o'clock
because I was going to have six hours sleep. That'll be enough.
I remember seeing the clock at 11, seeing it at midnight, seeing it at 1, seeing it at 2.30.
I didn't sleep last night at all.
So, thankfully, I took a nap before OLR so I'd be able to function on today's show.
But I'm probably going to sleep pretty hard tonight.
So, looking forward to that.
So FU2 is super insomnia, I suppose.
Alright, let's get to a couple more stories and then we are going to open up that Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype, the old fashioned way at 877-GAME-OLR.
Loki.
So, even though I did get the Gear VR today, there are other VR things coming out.
Including, of course, we have some information now on the HTC Vive.
And they're going to be releasing that for $800.
And you can actually preorder that now as well.
And it's going to be starting to ship in April.
And, of course, that $800 gets you the Vive with all the two controllers.
So that looks pretty awesome.
The thing is, I watched some videos on the Vive, actually, this week.
One of those being the portal robot repair demo thing that they had, which looks fucking awesome.
And I was like, man, if I'm going to get one for PC, the Vive does look pretty good, even though it is so expensive.
But if it was giving me an option like, okay, you can pick one or the other and we'll give it to you,
I'd probably choose the Vive because it looks pretty fantastic.
So, nice.
And you do also get some free apps as well.
Tilt Brush Paint app, the fantastic contraption, and Job Simulator.
So those will be coming with that.
Well, cutting edge toys are usually pretty expensive.
It looks pretty cutting edge.
Plus, it does have the actual control wands as well.
So, I mean, we haven't really seen too much as far as what, I don't know if they had a cost yet for the controllers for the Oculus Rift.
So maybe with all that added in there, it might end up being about $800.
So we'll see.
I'm dying to see how PlayStation VR is going to change this dynamic.
I mean, again, I realize it's very different.
It's not PC, it's console.
But we're all curious to see what that's going to look like.
We'll know in what, two more weeks?
I hope so.
Excited to see how that's going to change the game.
I am very curious.
And then if you want to drop even more money for tech that's really not done yet, HoloLens, the developers edition, will be available for $3,000.
But hey, with that $3,000, you get two games.
So it comes with Young Conquer and a couple other mini games.
Yes, it's really for developers only.
And of course, you know, if you like that narrow field of view, then you're going to love it.
I really want a HoloLens, but not for $3,000 and not at its current state.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat, and he said this several times throughout the evening, is pretty adamant that HoloLens is not a gaming device.
And although I'm not necessarily going to disagree because some of the Kinect's biggest capabilities had nothing to do with gaming, I will say, but yet they are including games with it.
So, I mean, you can't say games are banned from it.
Yeah, exactly.
And you can't say it's a non-gaming device when that's all I've seen on it so far as far as demonstrations go.
But with the dev kits out there, we'll hopefully see some new stuff.
Yeah, exactly. And I'm not saying that they can't implement, you know, like real life, you know, like medical practice, you know, applications, stuff like that.
But fucking hell, I mean, they've been showing Minecraft, they've been touting Minecraft a lot, and they've been showing like shooter games and shit that they have with it.
And plus, you know, showing that you can watch all these things on your walls.
I'm down with, you know, the whole application things and like, you know, popping my apps onto the wall in the room around me.
And so I think that's pretty cool.
Games would be, you know, a small portion of that, but still it doesn't function with that sense either.
I mean, it's fucking narrow as shit.
I mean, so I can't support that in its current state.
Well, I feel like we got a long way to go.
Like, you know, I kind of think, OK, well, what kinds of things besides games could be used for?
And I go like, well, maybe like architecture type of stuff.
Well, yeah, I can see where maybe in that in the modeling would be kind of cool.
I mean, I'm down with that, but it's still very, you know, we need to see some better hardware.
Maybe a type of application since, you know, it's AR instead of VR, maybe something where like it actually makes all the people around you naked.
I hope so.
That's not a game, but it sure would be fun.
Ugly significant other fixer.
Rageinator chat over at life.vog network dot com says HoloLens porn anyone?
That's what. Oh, is that why Bobby keeps saying it's not a gaming device?
Because it's for porn, obviously, if it is.
Can you imagine like you could surround yourself with porn.
Bobby, can I say it's for porn?
It's for porn, right?
Everything is for porn.
Seriously, it's it's just unbelievable.
You could have you could have porn all around you.
You could be surrounded 360 degrees by porn and you can do.
Yeah, it's for porn.
Act Defton chat says anything is the gateway for porn.
It's not a fucking gateway. It's a fucking holodeck of porn minus, you know, the interaction.
Bobby Blackwell says the low field of vision will kill porn.
That's true.
I'm going to need a really big field of vision.
Maybe second gen.
You are me because seriously, that's like, you know, experiencing porn porn through a spyglass or something like that.
It's like, listen, if you're doing like a peeping Tom app or something like that, that's OK.
But like just anything else, it just really takes you out of it.
All right.
Oh, God. All right.
All right. Let's move on one more story for you guys.
And it has to do with Steam and buying games on Steam and all this stuff.
But hey, you know, this is even though we talk a lot about this one marketplace here on the store, it is the way a lot of people are buying games.
And this is a pretty exciting change is that the way that bundle prices work is going to be changing on Steam,
allowing for a more dynamic pricing model that takes into account whether or not you own the games already featured in the bundle.
Now, apparently Valve has not actually officially announced this, but there's, I don't know, official documentation out there or what have you.
Long story short, you'll get a discount if you already own one of the included games.
This scales up depending on how many of those games you own.
In the documents, it says with Steam bundles, if a customer already owns some items in the bundle, they will pay for and receive only the items not already in their account.
This allows the best fans of your series or franchise to complete the set and get the deal on the remaining items in the bundles.
So, uh, yeah, I, you know, you always see like these huge developer bundles and then you go, but I already own like a quarter of them, so...
Yeah, unfortunately all those bundles are on, you know, fucking Humblebuddles, so that's not really gonna apply.
Yeah. YYR in chat says, Valve Complete Pack is now $12 for most people because you own most of it already.
Yeah, seriously, between like Portal and Portal 2 and, you know, Left 4 Dead and all those games.
It's like, okay, next time a Valve Complete Pack goes up, it won't cost me nearly as much.
Alright, I think it is time to open up the Skype line, so let's get to it.
We are gonna open it up over at, uh, Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype.
1877 Game O.L.R. the old-fashioned way. Wow, it's already lighting up, it's, oh my gosh, you guys are dying to get in tonight.
Let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, guys, it's Jason.
Hey, Jason, how you doing?
Doing, uh, pretty well. Been a pretty fun little weekend.
Good to hear from you and good to see you.
Uh, you guys, anyways.
Yes.
Not so much the radio listeners, but that's okay.
But I can see the progress on the beard. It looks very fluffy.
It, uh, yeah. No change, just letting it do its thing and doing that wonderfully.
Love it. What's on your mind tonight?
Um, when you were reading that email about Street Fighter V and reviews and that kind of stuff, it kinda...
Which one, Jason? Cause there was like three of them.
Uh, talking, talking, uh, the very first one talking about the eventual content additions to Street Fighter V
and in context of reviewing on release day or prior to release day release, uh, review copies
and, you know, games in the future if they significantly change.
Uh, and it just kind of brought back and I, it brought, it reminded myself of something that I said back
God, I think it was in like 2013 or 2014 or something like that.
Um, and it was, it was on that show. It was one of the, one of the, uh, shows at, uh, uh, the former studio
whose name I have completely forgotten, but prior to N7, naturally.
Um, it...
Uh, that was the tiny little broom closet space. Cause that was literally like our dining room was the studio.
Yes, especially given where the setup was. Absolutely. It was a nice apartment, but anyways.
Um, it's like, do we, is this, is this a foresight of needing to start dramatically doing reviews differently?
Uh, the point that I had made back then is that gaming, I used it in context mostly of first person shooters
and MMOs is that not only are MMOs sprawling worlds in both size and continuing updates,
but, uh, Titanfall attempted to do that in first person shooter.
I would call Destiny more of a first person shooter than an MMO because of the limited squad size, uh, limited party size.
Um, but there are more and more games that are adapting this long term, uh, this long term commitment,
pricing model irrelevant, you know, like, uh, no, there's no one specific definition of it,
but so many games are on this track to be able to actually live so long over time.
Um, Rocket League, I would step out on a limb and say Rocket League is the first sports class of game
that is doing that with the season rankings and the continuing content.
We'll see if it's anything more than just, uh, cute licenses, but there are plenty of games
because of the capabilities of PCs and consoles today that are opting for a life cycle of a game,
a life of a game, if not, and not just, you know, the EA, the NHL, the NFL, the NBA formula of one game every year.
You know, I think there's no easy answer to this, which of course you know is what I'm going to say,
but I kind of think, I kind of compare it to what do we see in other industries,
and I think what do reviews usually do in these types of artistic industries?
What is a review for a movie? What is a review for a concert? What is a review for a play?
It is for the money I spent and for the time I spent, how did I feel after the fact?
Like, how did the time and money I invested make me feel?
Because that's what a lot of this is.
And so I kind of think with games, that's kind of the way you have to approach it as well,
is that for the time and for the money I spent, or the money they're asking people to spend,
because we know in this case this is comped, but to be fair in the movie industry,
comped, plays, comped, a lot of that stuff is comped too.
It's kind of one of those, well then, what was your impression based off of your time with the product?
And that's why I'm kind of back with, if it's not there, it's not there.
And so I can't really say it in my review because I'm reviewing how was my time with it.
And you kind of also see this with a lot of games where the online mode isn't even on
because they haven't turned it on yet when the reviewers are trying to review it.
And so they say, well, we can't really review online mode, so this review is based on our experiences with this only.
Maybe this is why you have more and more places that are just, they're turning away from scores,
because, and I think this is part of why they turn away from scores,
because of what you're saying about how games are more dynamic, and I think Destiny is a great example.
I think, again, the way most people approach Destiny is that game was re-reviewed due to the expansion,
and the impression of most outlets was, hey, did you know? Destiny is a lot different now, and here's this expansion.
But I think the reason why a lot of places are getting rid of scores is because a lot of these games are living, breathing experiences
that can't necessarily be targeted on a scale of one to ten.
And we all know what a freaking emphasis the industry is placing on Metacritic,
and maybe we have to start getting away from that because of where the games are going.
Yeah, absolutely. It's a little strange to compare it to other mediums.
There are some comparisons that can be drawn, but in the list that you made, movies don't change except when, call them expansions, special editions.
Movies don't generally change, Clue being the most famous exception back in the day, the different movies, the different endings for different theaters.
Plays can change based off cast, and certainly there's the human factor of the performance and the energy, that word that God knows what it is
that actually makes you connect with it and enjoy it, like the same situation, location, cast, time of day, day of the week.
Everything can be identical, and it can be less enthusiastic and thrilling than otherwise.
It could also be the own fucking reviewer's fault as well.
It's a little strange to compare it to other media, but maybe that is my software bias of computing,
and the fact that I've known almost my whole life to know things evolve.
My freaking Mortal Kombat for the PC, I had to send whoever did the PC port,
I had to send Disc 1 back to them for newer hardware compatibility enhancements.
Floppy Disc 1 of 3, Mortal Kombat 1 for the PC back in 93, 94, 92, somewhere in the early 90s.
Like when I was in high school, yeah, probably like 93, 94.
I won't say how old I actually was then, if you're gonna play that game.
Let's not.
And gamers and technologists are the right crew to actually,
are the right group to actually make this change of getting away from review scores.
It's unfortunate, it's gonna tilt Metacritic down to certain review sites that grasp onto it to dear life,
but this is the group of people that I would put the most faith in,
being able to actually come up with a more compelling, more accessible,
more detailed in the things that you need to know of a system
for the changes that a larger and larger chunk of gaming is coming up with.
Let me end on this thought, kind of talking about the whole comparisons to the other media,
and I guess part of the reason why my brain always goes to the movies, the plays, the CDs and what have you,
is because it's all art, and I do believe, I firmly believe video games are art.
All of those different mediums are about expression, and video games are another form of expression.
And the thing about art, art is interpretation.
And that's why reviews are never, this issue can never really be solved easily,
because the way you interpret something and the way I interpret something are always going to be different.
And that's...
One of the only pieces of art on a fully dynamic canvas though.
That is art.
Absolutely.
Okay, my friend, I gotta let you go so we can squeeze in some more calls, but always good to hear from you.
Have a good night.
Take care, you too.
See you.
Our buddy Jason, you hear his voice at the beginning and at the end of every show here at Orange Lounge Radio.
1877 game OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Over at chatoveratlive.vognetwork.com, Kaijuto says,
video games are fart.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Rachie Nader.
Long time, welcome back.
I know, really.
You sound better, too.
I can tell you've had some upgrades over there.
You sound better.
It's probably the building mic in this external webcam that I got with my computer.
Well, it's a much better quality than before.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Not a whole lot.
It's kind of related to what you were just saying.
I'm kind of bragging about not bragging about my computer,
because this is honestly the nicest thing that I've had in a very long time.
Well, I know the listeners can't see the video feed on my Skype call.
It's better.
Yeah, well, I was going to move my webcam real quick.
I just got out.
Be careful where I'm pointing, because I'm not wearing pants right now.
Not wearing pants right now.
But, yeah, that's the computer right there.
It's a Cybertron PC right there.
Plus, you see that little box sitting on top of my PC there?
That's an external Blu-ray drive right there.
Nice little drive.
Now, keep in mind, the listeners can't really see what I'm seeing,
so I'm going to kind of try to summarize as best I can.
But, yeah, I can definitely see all the parts of the computer there.
And I think, is that your bank account open on your desktop?
Can you point the camera back over that way?
Can you zoom in on your account number?
I'm kidding.
It's iTunes.
It's nothing.
All right.
Well, congrats on the new computer.
I know that's been a long investment and a big thing for you.
And I can just tell you're just excited to have it and be using it again
and be back in action.
So, let me ask this.
You got everything up and running.
You got your new computer and all this stuff.
What was the first game you had to go get?
The first game where you were like, we're going to play this.
Excuse me.
Coffee and spell.
Well, before I had my internet turned back on,
I was basically, for lack of a better term,
stuck playing my good old games that I had stored locally on some external hard drives.
And I'd been playing a lot of those.
I was playing like the original Flat Out, Oddworld, Abe's Odyssey,
and the Mortal Kombat 1, 2, and 3, stuff like that.
Now that I've had my internet on for a week now and had access to Steam and all that,
I've been playing Magic the Gallery in 2014, obviously.
Of course.
Yeah, and of course, I also tried some of the games that I previously had trouble with
with my last PC, such as Portal 2 and Brutal Legends, so on and so forth.
All the stuff that they tried to deny me before, I will now...
And I can honestly say that none of my games are giving me trouble now.
Good.
None.
Yeah, the only downside to this new PC, if you want to call it such,
is that earlier today I did have a little bit of difficulty with putting in the new RAM, though,
because the machine did come with 4GB of RAM already pre-installed.
I ordered some extra RAM, 8GB worth, and I kid you not,
it got to a point where I seriously thought I fucked up my brand new machine
and I was ready to shit and piss myself right there.
I'm like, oh my God, I screwed up my machine!
Anybody doing that kind of stuff always has that moment.
You know, Alan built the computer I use now, and there was plenty of those moments where it was like,
did you just fuck up all this equipment that I just dropped an extraordinary amount of money on?
But we worked through it. It worked out.
There's always that moment, though.
Yeah, well, luckily, between Tiger Claw's advice and the little trial and error on my end,
I managed to figure out what the problem was, so on and so forth,
and obviously, by virtue of fact, I have a PC ad right now talking to you via Skype.
Obviously, it managed to get fixed, so.
But so far, I'm loving everything.
Eventually, sooner or later, I'm going to have to upgrade my video card,
but I'm not in a big rush for that right now, and, you know, not only that,
but another thing I want to do is get a gaming mouse and keyboard,
but those two items are kind of like low priority.
I'm more interested in upgrading my graphics or video card more than anything, so.
Sure. I'm even looking into doing that, so.
All right. Well, Ray Jr., my friend, I've got to let you go so we can get some more calls,
but I'm so happy to hear you're up and running, and I'm sure we'll hear from you again.
Sure, sounds good. I'll talk to you soon.
Yep, take care, buddy.
All right, bye, Ray.
Bye.
All right, wow, lots of calls coming in tonight.
Orange On Radio, I want a word on Skype, but we got another call right now.
Hi, you're on Orange On Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's going on, brother?
Hey, not much. I'm good. I'm running on fumes at this point.
I'm so tired, but I'm good.
The show does give me a little second wind, so it's not like I'm dragging,
but it's like after this show is done and it's edited and posted, I'll be going to bed.
Bro, I know exactly what you mean.
When I podcast, thankfully, right by my computer is my coffee maker,
so I put a pot on so I can make it through the show.
You know, and there was a time when I would just kind of put the show up
whenever I felt like it, basically, and I would fall so far behind
that people really started to call me out on it when shows were posting a week late and stuff,
and it was like, all right, I really have to force myself.
If I don't post the night the show is recording, unless I have a really big circumstance,
because sometimes there's a tech problem or something, there's nothing you can do about that,
then it's like, I have to do it right away, or I know myself, it's not going to get done.
Now, now, sir, you are no Travis Donovan.
Now, now, don't pick on him just because he's not here to defend himself.
Hopefully he's doing well in retirement, yelling at kids to get off his lawn.
True, true, true. I know if it wasn't for him, Anime Jam Station probably wouldn't be where it is,
but I'm allowed one.
That's right. There's always time to take a shot at Travis. What's on your mind tonight?
Okay, um, so, well, you mentioned Adios Motherfucker earlier in the show tonight.
Yes, I did.
My mind flipped back to Fandame when I roomed with Dark Soccer, Andrew and crew,
and I think we actually went looking for a bar that knew, and a bartender who knew how to make that drink.
I'm almost positive it's almost the exact same thing as the Long Island, except instead of the soda,
it's like that blue, I don't remember what they call it, but it's that blue stuff.
Blue Caraco.
That's it, Blue Caraco. I'm almost positive that's it.
It's just the Long Island, but they put the Blue Caraco in it instead.
And for some reason, the blue makes it taste better.
Act DEFT in Chat says Windex. That's what it looks like.
That's what it looks like, you're just drinking Windex.
And honestly, it probably fucks you up even worse than Windex, but, you know.
Something like that.
SSG100Matt actually found, it's amazing the things you can find on Google,
but he actually found a little link to one of those drink mix sites and what is in it.
So it says, according to this site, it's one ounce vodka, one ounce gin, one ounce white rum,
one ounce Blue Caraco liquor, six ounce sweet and sour mix, and six ounce 7Up soda.
Oh, they do put a little soda in it.
Okay, my bar doesn't even bother with the soda.
That sounds almost like my bar as well.
What a waste.
You have the sweet and sour mix in there, that's your non-alcoholic part.
There you go.
Is that all you called in about was drinks?
No! No, but since we're on that topic, I'm not gonna get up and pour a shot.
No, I'm not gonna do that. Not tonight.
I also want to talk about NARC real quick.
Now, I may have brought this up in a previous episode, or someone else might have,
but the character Max Force was part of a cartoon series called The Power Team.
This came on during, I believe, the mid to late 90s.
It was part of a show called Video Power.
Oh, yeah.
So, you remember that show, too?
Vaguely. I remember of it, but I'm trying to Google it right now to get the images back in my mind,
but I remember Video Power, like, vaguely.
With Johnny Arcade.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, you mentioned that, when Darkstalker mentioned that, I was like, Power Team video.
It all came back to me, because I used to get up at 6.30 in the morning to watch this show.
He would come in and do the intro, they would do the cartoon, and then right afterwards,
there would be a quick review of the game, and then there would be a tip or a clue.
And mind you, most of the games and tips were acclaimed video games, thus the sponsor and thus the team.
Okay, yes, this was the show where they would run around with the Velcro and, like, try to get as much stuff
and stick it to the Velcro as they could, right?
Oh, yeah, I remember you used to stick, like, Nintendo Entertainment System boxes to themselves.
Like, on their head.
Really ginormous.
Yes.
And Genesis and Neo Geo, yes, that was the second season of Video Power when they retooled it into a game show.
Okay, that's the Video Power I remember.
Yep.
But yes, I'm looking a little bit on Wikipedia and I see that the season one was different.
Okay, I only remember the second part of that, I don't remember the first season.
That's weird that they would change it so radically.
I don't know, I guess for ratings, I suppose, you know, because I remember the second season,
they moved it from 6.30am to 8.30am.
YYR chat says, I totally forgot about Video Power, OMG, WTF, Tigerclaw found a YouTube of it.
Of course it's on YouTube!
Mm-hmm.
Of course.
Alright, well, thank you for the walk down memory lane, Rama.
Anything else you want to share with us tonight?
Quick thing, Microsoft Store, Fifth Avenue, we're having a division release launch party with Major Nelson.
Oh, nice.
Tell him I said hi.
Will do, I'm working the release party that night, so.
He has no idea who the fuck I am, but tell him I said hi anyway.
And if he actually remembers you, you best believe I will call you and tell you this.
Sounds good, no, he will not know who the hell I am, but that's fine, I can pretend.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Alright, take care my friend.
Yeah, one more thing, Loki, have a Snickers.
You turn into a real bad cranky pants when you don't eat.
He did eat though.
I did, I cooked actual, I don't know what exactly it was.
It was my wife's design, apparently she likes taking recipes and fucking them up, so.
It was supposed, no seriously, because it was supposed to be like a cheesesteak soup,
but she's like, I don't want it with the cheese, I do want it with barley though, and mushrooms.
And so I made it, it was pretty good, it just, it would have been better with cheese in it because it was intended to have cheese in it.
It was more like a French onion soup without, French onion soup with steak and mushrooms and barley in it.
If dinner didn't come in a bag, it's just not gonna work.
No, it's really, it's really filling, it's just, I'm gonna melt cheese on it next time and it'll be even better, so.
Rob, if you can see my facial expression now, it's like a mind full of fuck, because I'm trying to wrap my head around the concept of cheesesteak soup.
Well it has cheese in it, you melt the cheese in the soup and it's actually like mixed in there.
Like I've made, I've made like a, there was one I made that was like a cheesy leek soup or something like that and it was really good.
But there was one that had like cream and like broth and it was just good.
Alright.
Uh oh, because if I mention this to my friends from Philly, they'd probably kick my ass.
Alright, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank you for the call.
No problem dude, y'all take care.
Alright, bye bye.
Bye.
Alright, I am gonna wrap up for now. I'm very sorry to those that didn't get through.
Uh, we, I just, it's after nine o'clock, I gotta wrap things up, because uh, yeah, I'm ready to edit the show and hit the hay.
But thank you guys so much, uh, you can always send an email, participate at orangelaundry.com to appreciate all you guys that participate with the show every week.
You can tweet us at well at olr, I know I'm not always good about responding to the tweets on air, but I do read them all.
And once in a while I will reply, especially if you ask something that needs a reply, I will reply from the account, uh, once in a while.
But that is about gonna do it for another episode of Orange Laundry Radio.
Checking in with Loki real quick though for last minute stories, I don't know if we missed anything you wanna go over real quick?
No.
No?
Alright, well shoot, that's gonna do it then for another episode of Orange Laundry Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking us out.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry Radio, please tell a friend or 17 about the program, help spread the word.
Uh, a nice five star review goes a long way as well on iTunes or wherever it is that you found this show.
Uh, really appreciate that.
Uh, word of mouth is all we got here, we're not a multi-million dollar website or anything like that.
It's just us, yo, in my spare room.
About time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts, but then we will see you again in seven days.
We will be back here next week in the, uh, lead up to GDC, which is, uh, you know, not usually a media event, but with the whole PlayStation VR thing looming, it should be an exciting year.
But meanwhile, getting everybody's final thoughts tonight.
Loki, what's it gonna be, your final thoughts on that?
My final thought is I'm gonna work on my game this week, hopefully a little bit more, and I may try to come up with something for the Gear VR to mess around with.
I already have an idea of something that'd be kind of fun, so we will try that.
Alright, and my final thought is goodnight. We'll see you in seven days, everybody. Goodnight!
See you next week!